Crude oil for April delivery traded at $37.80 a barrel, down 28 cents.	Crude oil prices rose to $37.80 per barrel.
Oracle had fought to keep the forms from being released.	Oracle released a confidential document.
iTunes software has seen strong sales in Europe.	Strong sales for iTunes in Europe.
All genetically modified food, including soya or maize oil produced from GM soya and maize, and food ingredients, must be labelled.	Companies selling genetically modified foods don't need labels.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases.	Coffee drinking has health benefits.
Eating lots of foods that are a good source of fiber may keep your blood glucose from rising too fast after you eat.	Fiber improves blood sugar control.
The Yankees split Hollywood with something to feel OK about after last night's 5-4 loss to the Dodgers.	Dodgers lose first game ever at Fenway.
Scientists at the Genome Institute of Singapore (GIS) have discovered the complete genetic sequence of a coronavirus isolated from a Singapore patient with SARS.	Singapore scientists reveal that SARS virus has undergone genetic changes.
Phish disbands after a final concert in Vermont on Aug. 15.	Rock band Phish holds final concert in Vermont.
Euro-Scandinavian media cheer Denmark v Sweden draw.	Denmark and Sweden tie.
Iraqi militants said Sunday they would behead Kim Sun-Il, a 33-year-old translator, within 24 hours unless plans to dispatch thousands of South Korean troops to Iraq were abandoned.	translator kidnapped in Iraq.
Two Turkish engineers and an Afghan translator kidnapped in December were freed Friday.	translator kidnapped in Iraq.
If a Mexican approaches the border, he's assumed to be trying to illegally cross.	Mexicans continue to illegally cross border.
Green cards are becoming more difficult to obtain.	Green card is now difficult to receive.
Iran will soon release eight British servicemen detained along with three vessels.	British servicemen detained.
The wait time for a green card has risen from 21 months to 33 months in those same regions.	It takes longer to get green card.
Coal company stocks got a lift Monday morning after an article in Barron's said the industry was benefiting from soaring natural gas prices and the advent of new power plants that emit less pollution.	Coal stocks rise.
The Royal Navy servicemen being held captive by Iran are expected to be freed today.	British servicemen detained.
Total coal stocks with the thermal power stations came down to 9.6 million tonnes on March 3, 2003 from 11 million tonnes on October 1, 2002.	Coal stocks rise.
Anorexia in males accounted for approximately six percent of cases seen in an eating disorder clinic.	Anorexia becomes common in males.
There are discussions in California and Arizona to allow illegal aliens to have driver's licenses.	California driver's licenses granted to illegal immigrants.
South Korea's deputy foreign minister says his country won't change its plan to send three-thousand soldiers to Iraq, despite the kidnapping of a South Korean man there.	South Korea continues to send troops.
Clinton's new book is not big seller here.	Clinton's book is a big seller.
The privately owned spacecraft only got about 400 feet into space, according to radar measurements, but it was enough to confirm that it no longer takes a well-heeled government project to organize space travel.	private spaceship launches.
The media always talk about the Dow being up or down a certain number of points.	Dow Jones is down.
The Federal Aviation Administration's Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation (FAA/AST) has given license approval to Scaled Composites of Mojave, California, permitting the firm to expand flight testing of SpaceShipOne  -- a privately-financed rocket plane to carry passengers to suborbital altitude.	Private spaceship launches.
The Los Angeles Lakers rolled over the Indiana Pacers in Wednesday's the opening round game of the NBA championship series.	Lakers win the championship.
World health officials warned yesterday that West Africa and Central Africa were on the verge of the worst polio outbreak in years, stemming from the refusal of a single state in northern Nigeria to vaccinate children against the disease.	African polio outbreak feared.
The country's largest private employer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., is being sued by a number of its female employees who claim they were kept out of jobs in management because they are women.	Wal-Mart sued for sexual discrimination.
The last polio outbreak in the United States was in 1979.	African polio outbreak feared.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has cleared the way for lesbian and gay couples in the state to marry, ruling that government attorneys failed to identify any constitutionally adequate reason to deny them the right.	U.S. Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
In June the Supreme Court ruled that anti-sodomy laws are unconstitutional.	U.S. Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
Sharon warns Arafat could be targeted for assassination.	prime minister targeted for assassination.
Kurdistan Regional Government Prime Minister Dr. Barham Salih was unharmed after an assassination attempt.	prime minister targeted for assassination.
Wal-Mart faces huge sex discrimination suit.	Wal-Mart faces a sex-discrimination suit.
International journalists' organisations are accusing the U.S. government of committing war crimes in Iraq by intentionally firing at war correspondents.	US withdraws war crimes.
It has become increasingly clear that Iran is making rapid progress toward attaining a nuclear weapons capability as U.S. officials have confirmed the presence of various nuclear sites that Tehran has failed to disclose.	Iranian chemical weapons threaten United States.
A Cuban American who is accused of espionage pleads innocent.	American accused of espionage.
A Syrian-American airman accused of espionage complained about prisoner treatment at the US base in Guantanamo, Cuba.	American accused of espionage.
The Daily Telegraph, most prized asset in Lord Conrad Black's crumbling media empire, has been sold to Britain's Barclay twins.	Daily telegraph is sold.
The Daily Mail has confirmed it has pulled out of the bidding for rival newspaper the Daily Telegraph.	Daily telegraph is sold.
On November 25, 2001, a baby Asian elephant was born at the National Zoo in Washington, DC.	baby elephant born.
The 10-day-old test-tube baby elephant born at Colchester Zoo has found a name, thanks to the internet!.	baby elephant born.
Weinstock painstakingly reviewed dozens of studies for evidence of any link between sunscreen use and either an increase or decrease in melanoma.	skin cancer numbers increase.
Wasp and bee stings can be life threatening if you are allergic to the venom.	bee stings can be fatal.
The State of California Department of Occupational Health and Safety released its report on the September 5 fatal accident on Disneyland's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad attraction.	Disneyland has accident.
The incident in Mogadishu, the Somali capital, came as U.S. forces began the  final phase of their promised March 31 pullout.	The capital of Somalia is Mogadishu.
The two attacks last week by the Islamic Resistance Movement, as Hamas is formally known, dramatized for both Israelis and Palestinians the dangers they face in pursuing peaceful coexistence.	The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
But most Israelis, including those sympathetic to the settlers' efforts to reclaim all the territory that was part of the biblical Land of Israel, reacted with horror to the Hebron killings and the subsequent violence.	Hebron is located 20 miles south of Jerusalem.
The Republic of Tajikistan, which declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, is in a region that has changed hands many times.	The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
Soprano's Square: Milan, Italy, home of the famed La Scala opera house, honored soprano Maria Callas on Wednesday when it renamed a new square after the diva.	La Scala opera house is located in Milan, Italy.
I just hope I don't become so blissful I become boring. -- Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain, giving meaning to his Teen Spirit coda a denial.	Smells Like Teen Spirit is a song by Nirvana.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was elected March 28 with a mandate to reform Italy's business regulations and pull the economy out of recession.	The Italian Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi.
Norway's most famous painting, The Scream by Edvard Munch, was recovered Saturday, almost three months after it was stolen from an Oslo museum.	Edvard Munch painted The Scream.
Government forces killed the head of the Armed Islamic Group, or GIA, which has claimed responsibility for killing 61 foreigners in the last year.	The abbreviation GIA stands for Armed Islamic Group.
I guess you have to expect this in a growing community, said Mardelle Kean, who lives across the street from John Joseph Famalaro, charged in the death of Denise A. Huber, who was 23 when she disappeared in 1991.	John J. Famalaro is accused of having killed Denise A. Huber.
In the very same room in fall, 1992, George Bush prepped to debate Clinton and Ross Perot in practice sessions with Chief of Staff John H. Sununu.	Ross Perot ran for president in 1992.
Camacho is a Mexican version of Japan's Morihiro Hosokawa -- a pragmatic tactician using a crisis and the attendant outcry for reform to further his political standing.	The Japanese Prime Minister is Morihiro Hosokawa.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease.	Bovine spongiform encephalopathy is another name for the mad cow disease.
Doctors who treated Ayrton Senna after he crashed during the San Marino Grand Prix have denied allegations that the Brazilian driver died at the Imola track.	Ayrton Senna had the accident that caused his death at the San Marino Grand Prix.
The black Muslim activist said that he had relieved Muhammad of his duties until he demonstrates that he is willing to conform to the manner of representing Allah and the honorable Elijah Muhammad (founder of the Nation of Islam).	Elijah Muhammad founded the Nation of Islam.
Oil prices, notoriously vulnerable to political events, spiked as high as $40 a barrel during the Gulf War in 1991.	The Gulf War was fought in 1991.
Easter is over but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy Ben-Hur, the granddaddy of biblical epics and winner of a record 11 Oscars, including best picture and best actor (Charlton Heston in the title role).	Charlton Heston played the title role in the movie Ben-Hur.
The anti-terrorist court found two men guilty of murdering Shapour Bakhtiar and his secretary Sorush Katibeh, who were found with their throats cut in August 1991.	Shapour Bakhtiar died in 1991.
The program will include Falla's Night in the Gardens of Spain, Ravel's Piano Concerto in G, Berlioz's Overture to Beatrice and Benedict, and Roy Harris' Symphony No. 3.	Beatrice and Benedict is an overture by Berlioz.
To the world, M. Larry Lawrence, the new U.S. emissary to Switzerland who hosted President Clinton on his Southern California vacation, will be known as Mr. Ambassador.	Larry Lawrence is the head of the U.S. Embassy in Switzerland.
Amid rumors that China's 90-year-old senior leader, Deng Xiaoping, is near death, the visit also comes at a propitious moment to establish relationships with top officials, both military and civilian, who are likely to play a role in the post-Deng succession period as China struggles to find a new leader.	Deng Xiaoping is 90 years old.
While civilians ran for cover or fled to the countryside, Russian forces were seen edging their artillery guns closer to Grozny, and Chechen fighters were offering little resistance.	Grozny is the capital of Chechnya.
Former tennis star Vitas Gerulaitis died in such fashion in September, from a lethal carbon monoxide buildup related to the faulty installation of a propane heater.	Vitas Gerulaitis died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
The two suspects belong to the 30th Street gang, which became embroiled in one of the most notorious recent crimes in Mexico: a shootout at the Guadalajara airport in May, 1993, that killed Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo and six others.	Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo died in 1993.
Two midsummer cruises aboard Clipper Adventure Cruises' 140-passenger World Discoverer (July 8 and Aug. 9) will take you to the wind-swept cliffs of the Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea, where cartoon-faced horned and tufted puffins stare.	The Pribilof Islands are located in the Bering Sea.
That prompted Clinton, wife Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea to spend a cold and dreary Saturday in Minsk.	Clinton's wife is called Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Judie Vivian, chief executive at ProMedica, a medical service company that helps sustain the 2-year-old Vietnam Heart Institute in Ho Chi Minh City (formerly Saigon), said that so far about 1,500 children have received treatment.	The previous name of Ho Chi Minh City was Saigon.
A jury is slated to decide for the first time whether Jack Kevorkian, famed as Dr. Death, has violated Michigan's assisted-suicide ban, while the state continues to grapple with the issue of what to allow when the ill want to end their pain by ending their lives.	Jack Kevorkian is the real name of Dr. Death.
He endeared himself to artists by helping them in lean years and following their careers, said Henry Hopkins, chairman of UCLA's art department, director of the UCLA/Armand Hammer Museum and Cultural Center and former director of the Weisman foundation.	The UCLA/Hammer Museum is directed by Henry Hopkins.
Before the game, Alabama Birmingham Athletic Director and Coach Gene Bartow presented Cal State Northridge with a $5,000 check from Rust International Corp., for earthquake relief.	Gene Bartow coaches Alabama Birmingham.
For the first time in history, the players are investing their own money to ensure the future of the game, Atlanta Brave pitcher Tom Glavine said.	Tom Glavine plays for the Atlanta Braves.
Wilson has, after all, produced all three Offspring albums, including Smash, the one that has astonished everybody by selling 1 million copies in four months, establishing the heretofore unknown group as the leader, with Green Day, of an unprecedented wave of commercial success for punk.	Smash is the title of the third album of the Offspring.
Historians estimate that 800,000 Chechens were stuffed into rail cars and deported to Kazakhstan and Siberia, and 240,000 of them died en route.	Stalin deported 800,000 Chechens.
Germans vote for a party, rather than a person, and the left-of-center Social Democrats do not score as well in polls as Scharping himself.	Rudolph Scharping is a member of the Social Democrats.
That film wasn't too successful, but then 'WarGames,' which was successful, came out right when I won the Tony for 'Brighton Beach' in 1983.	The film WarGames was shot in 1983.
About half were along a 20-mile stretch of Santa Monica Bay from Topanga Canyon Boulevard to the Palos Verdes Peninsula.	The coastline of Santa Monica Bay is 50 miles long.
The Chapin Library's main attraction is its collection of Revolutionary-era documents, including a 1776 printed version of the Declaration of Independence.	The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776.
20th Century spokesman Rick Dinon said that between the time it applied for the rate increase and changed its mind, the estimated quake losses had ballooned by several hundred million dollars.	Rick Dinon is the senior vice president of 20th Century Insurance Co.
In naming Guillermo Ortiz to be Mexico's finance minister, President Ernesto Zedillo appointed a friend, former colleague and, like himself, a U.S.-trained economist.	Guillermo Ortiz was born in Mexico.
This was, after all, Chuck Yeager, a guy with all the right stuff, the biggest top gun of them all, whose post-World War II exploits in the topsy-turvy world of supersonic air travel helped pave the way for space exploration.	Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in 1947.
Fiat's Gianni Agnelli, owner of Juventus, was quoted by Italian newspapers as saying that when Baggio came off the field after the Mexico game, He looked like a wet rabbit..	Giovanni Agnelli is the president of Fiat.
PERSPECTIVE ON BOSNIA; A BALKANS PEACE THAT CANNOT LAST.	Bosnia is located in the former Yugoslavia.
Gunmen loyal to Bosnian Serb nationalist leader Radovan Karadzic conquered 70% of Bosnia with their arsenal of tanks, aircraft and howitzers bequeathed by the Yugoslav army.	Radovan Karadzic is the leader of Bosnia.
This year, however, the contest has taken on a new urgency as the Clinton Administration, moving to block the Pyongyang government's bid to build a nuclear arsenal, has rekindled some of the passion in North Korea's defiance of the West.	Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
In Seoul, Han confirmed that all North Korean media on Monday had started referring to Kim Jong Il as His Excellency or by the term previously reserved for his father, the Great Leader. Until now, the younger Kim has been called the Dear Leader..	Kim Il Sung's son is called Kim Jong Il.
Swiss police confirmed Thursday that cult leader Luc Jouret was among the dead found in the Order of the Solar Temple's fire-gutted chalet in the alpine village of Granges-sur-Salvan.	Luc Jouret was the leader of the Order of the Solar Temple.
It is an image familiar to many Southern Californians but vividly illustrative in this Egyptian metropolis, where a U.N. conference on global population is trying for the first time to draw clear links between population growth and the environment.	The International Conference on Population and Development was held in Cairo.
It rewrites the rules of global trade, established by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, or GATT, in 1947, and modified in multiple rounds of negotiations since then.	GATT was formed in 1947.
But the retired teacher comes down on the other side of an emotional debate about whether Estonia, Sweden and Finland should spend the $70 million needed to raise the Estonia and the estimated 800 bodies entombed inside.	910 passengers died in the Estonia shipwreck.
Mayday! Here is Estonia! Outside Uto lighthouse. We have listed 20 to 30 degrees, the Finnish Coast Guard quoted the distress signal.	The Estonia sank south of Uto island.
Canada rig count at 148, down 46 compared to last week's and down 27 compared to last year's.	Last year, the tally was 148.
A senior coalition official in Iraq said the body, which was found by U.S. military police west of Baghdad, appeared to have been thrown from a vehicle.	A body has been found by U. S. military police.
U.S. forces have been engaged in intense fighting after insurgents launched simultaneous attacks in several Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Baqubah.	Fallujah and Baqubah are Iraqi cities.
Paul Bremer, the top U.S. civilian administrator in Iraq, and Iraq's new president, Ghazi al-Yawar, visited the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk.	Ghazi al-Yawar is Iraq's new president.
Arroyo was the favorite of investors because of her experience as a trained economist and government manager.	Arroyo has experience as an economist and as a government manager.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.1 percent to 1573.65.	The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.1 percent to 1573.65.	The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index dropped.
The government operations came a day after guerrillas in camouflage fatigues rampaged through the streets of Nazran, Ingushetia's capital, firing rocket-propelled grenades at police stations, taking over checkpoints and setting fire to government buildings.	Ingushetia's capital is Nazran.
Twenty-five of the dead were members of the law enforcement agencies and the rest of the 67 were civilians.	25 of the dead were civilians.
The Mona Lisa, painted by Leonardo da Vinci from 1503-1506, hangs in Paris' Louvre Museum.	The Mona Lisa is in France.
A male gorilla escaped from his cage in the Berlin zoo and sent terrified visitors running for cover, the zoo said yesterday.	A gorilla escaped from his cage in a zoo in Germany.
Clonaid, which claims to have produced 13 cloned babies worldwide, told the Streats daily newspaper two Singaporean couples had signed deals agreeing to pay $200,000 to conceive children through cloning.	Clonaid has cloned 13 babies.
Four days of talks got underway with the US announcing the first significant overture to North Korea since George W Bush took office three years ago.	George W. Bush entered the US presidency 3 years ago.
If you suffer from certain genetic illnesses, or carry a gene for that illness, scientists can take one or two cells to check for those genes and transfer only healthy embryos.	Scientists can determine whether an embryo has genetic illnesses or is a carrier of them.
Vodafone's share of net new subscribers in Japan has dwindled in recent months.	There have been many new subscribers to Vodafone in Japan in the past few months.
This case is one of the first to be prosecuted under a new U.S. law regulating unwanted e-mail.	There is a new U. S. law that bans e-mail.
Peter Voser, a 46-year-old who joined ABB from Shell 2-1/2 years ago, will rejoin the Anglo-Dutch company on October 4.	Peter Voser has worked for Shell in the past.
Bombs exploded in two Turkish cities Thursday only days before Turkey plays host to a NATO summit.	Turkey plays host to suicide bombers.
The terrorist is suspected of being behind several deadly kidnappings and dozens of suicide attacks in Iraq.	Terrorist kidnaps dozens of Iraqis.
However, witnesses said some of the black-clad gunmen who attacked a police station and government buildings in Baquba, 60 km (40 miles) northwest of Baghdad, proclaimed loyalty to Zarqawi and wore yellow headbands linking them to his group.	Some of the gunmen showed loyalty to Baquba's group.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry's response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.	Roh Moo-hyun asked the BAI to kidnap a South Korean in Iraq.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry's response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.	A South Korean in Iraq was killed by Muslim militants.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.	Microsoft won't offer increased storage to its users.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.	Microsoft will provide free anti-virus protection.
One year after shareholders approved a massive expansion in its pool of stock options, eBay is asking for more.	Shareholders approved expansion for one year.
Oil prices edged up today as Norwegian employers said they would respond to a strike by locking out all workers next week, threatening to shut off almost all oil and gas output.	Workers strike in response to Norwegian employers' threats.
Wal-Mart has received a lot of negative publicity recently, including allegations that it used illegal workers and made employees work without pay during lunch breaks, as well as complaints that it generally underpays employees.	Wal-Mart faces allegations for underpaying employees.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings' latest movie adventure New York Minute, reports the AP.	Ashley Olsen plans a trip to Australia with Mary-Kate.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings' latest movie adventure New York Minute, reports the AP.	The Olsen twins star in New York Minute..
Traditionally, 60 percent of the tickets sold for a stop on the Vans Warped Tour, for example, occur six days prior to the show.	Most tours only sell 60 percent of the tickets.
Passions surrounding Germany's final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn't want to watch the game on television.	A woman passionately wanted to watch the soccer championship.
Passions surrounding Germany's final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn't want to watch the game on television.	A man was stabbed because of a soccer game.
Draft experts say as many as eight U.S. high school prospects could be taken in the first round of the two-round draft, as well as up to eight international players.	Draft experts draft eight international players.
In any case, the fact that this week Michael Melvill, a 63-year-old civilian pilot, guided a tiny rocket-ship more than 100 kilometres above the Earth and then glided it safely back to Earth, is a cause for celebration.	Michael Melvill guided more than 100 rocket-ships above the Earth.
A joint survey by two conservation groups, World Conservation Union and the World Wildlife Fund, says the black rhino population has risen to over 3,600. That is an increase of 500 animals over the last two years.	Two conservation groups have increased the black rhino population.
The German-based team say their study is the only report of prolonged hibernation in a tropical mammal.	The team studies hibernating mammals in Germany.
Comdex -- once among the world's largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.	Comdex launches trade shows for 20 years.
Comdex -- once among the world's largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.	Los Vegas hosted the Comdex trade show for 20 years.
A variety of devices could be powered selectively from a single-power source carried on the body via multiple power supply signals at different frequencies, according to the patent abstract.	The patent abstract shows a number of devices using a single source.
Canadian wireless technology licensing company Wi-LAN has begun legal action against Cisco, alleging the networking giant's Linksys and Aironet products are making use of its intellectual property without permission.	Linksys and Aironet begin legal action against a Canadian company.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.	Users were unaware of the modem connections' redirection.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.	Complaints arose in the organisation about users who redirect their modem connections.
A closely divided U.S. Supreme Court said on Thursday its 2002 ruling that juries and not judges must impose a death sentence applies only to future cases, a decision that may affect more than 100 death row inmates.	The Supreme Court decided that only judges can impose the death sentence.
In Johannesburg, about 500 angry AIDS activists, many wearing red and white T-shirts that said HIV Positive, criticized Bush, saying he had hurt the global fight against AIDS by spending billions of dollars on war.	In Johannesburg, activists complained that Bush spent billions of dollars on the global fight against AIDS instead of on war.
The memorandum noted the United Nations estimated that 2.5 million to 3.5 million people died of AIDS last year.	Over 2 million people died of AIDS last year.
A compound in breast milk has been found to destroy many skin warts, raising hopes it also might prove effective against cervical cancer and other lethal diseases caused by the same virus.	Breast milk may help fight cervical cancer.
Only a week after it had no comment on upping the storage capacity of its Hotmail e-mail service, Microsoft early Thursday announced it was boosting the allowance to 250MB to follow similar moves by rivals such as Google, Yahoo, and Lycos.	Microsoft's Hotmail has raised its storage capacity to 250MB.
Saddam Hussein was being treated with dignity and respect..	Saddam Hussein was being treated as a dignitary.
Shares of Salesforce closed Wednesday at $17.20, more than 50% above their offering price.	Salesforce shares were more than 50% above their offering price of $17.20.
Nevertheless, Salesforce.com's stock--which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CRM--got a Wall Street reception in line with that of other recent successful tech IPOs.	Salesforce.com started trading under the symbol CRM..
Binge drinking among young women is on the rise, bringing with it a number of health consequences, including fetal alcohol syndrome.	Young women are binge drinking more, which can lead to the health risk of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Other wildlife, such as gemsbok, zebras and springbok, are also dependent on the Ugab wetlands.	Zebras depend on the Ugab wetlands.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3.2 million pounds.	A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in £3.2m.
Treasures belonging to Hollywood legend Katharine Hepburn have raised £3.2m at a two-day auction in America.	A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3.2 million pounds.
Hepburn's family will receive the proceeds from the sale.	Proceeds go to Hepburn's family.
Money raised from the sale will go into a trust for Hepburn's family.	Proceeds go to Hepburn's family.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.	A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £174,000.
Hepburn, a four-time Academy Award winner, died last June in Connecticut at age 96.	Hepburn, who won four Oscars, died last June aged 96.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.	A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £180,447.
The most sought after piece and the most expensive item was a bronze bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created in the 1960s.	The highest-selling item was a bronze bust made by Hepburn in the 1960s of her actor lover Spencer Tracy.
Hepburn's platinum, diamond and sapphire brooch had been estimated to fetch just $20,000, but sold for $120,000, six times its estimated price.	Hepburn's diamond and sapphire brooch fetched $120,000.
Nichols, 49, was convicted in the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.	Nichols was sentenced to life in prison for the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.
Nichols was found guilty May 26 of 161 counts of first-degree murder for 160 victims and an unborn child in a state trial.	The state charges against Nichols are for 160 victims and one victim's fetus.
A statement said to be from al Qaida, claimed the terror group had killed one American and kidnapped another in Riyadh.	A U.S. citizen working in Riyadh has been kidnapped after a colleague in the same company was shot dead yesterday.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy.	Apathy clouds EU voting.
Nineteen of the European Union's 25 member states were voting in the biggest transnational elections ever held, and the first for the EU since the bloc's expansion into the former communist eastern Europe on May 1.	Nearly 350 million people were eligible to vote since the EU took in 10 new members on May 1.
Voting for a new European Parliament was clouded by concerns over apathy.	Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy .
Sharon sent dismissal letters to Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman, who oppose his withdrawal plan, on Friday.	On Friday,Sharon fired Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman.
The U.S. Army acceded to a request from the local governor to keep U.S. troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.	The U.S. Army agreed to a request from the local governor to keep US troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles, favoured by Western civilian contractors, on the road to Baghdad's international airport.	Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles on the road to Baghdad's international airport.
Five U.S. soldiers were killed and five wounded Friday in an ambush near the Shiite neighborhood Sadr City.	Five US soldiers were killed and five wounded on Friday in an ambush near the Shi'ite neighbourhood Sadr City.
Heemeyer cut portholes for his guns, then welded a tight enclosure around them so police bullets could not penetrate.	Out of an old bulldozer, Heemeyer built a concrete box that no police bullet could penetrate.
Police found four weapons-two semiautomatic machine guns, a .223-caliber rifle and two handguns in the vehicle.	Police found four weapons - a .50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
Heemeyer equipped an old bulldozer with three television cameras and monitors so he could see to steer.	Heemeyer had installed television cameras connected to three monitors so he could see where he was going.
The 7-4 defeat by Long Beach State, pushed the Cardinal to the brink in the double-elimination format of NCAA regionals.	Stanford Cardinal were defeated by Long Beach State, 7-4.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honored with a 21-gun salute.	The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honoured with a 21-gun salute.
Reagan announced he had Alzheimer's disease, an incurable brain affliction.	Reagan died of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr. in an attempted assassination, but made a remarkably speedy recovery.	Reagan survived an attempted assassin's bullets.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr.	John W. Hinckley Jr. shot Reagan in the chest.
Desko's Orange beat Navy 1413 on Monday for the Division I title in men's lacrosse.	Desko's Orange beat Navy 14-13 on Monday for the Division I title in men's lacrosse.
Monica Meadows, a 22-year-old model from Atlanta, was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City.	Monica Meadows, 23, was shot in shoulder while riding a subway car in New York City.
Oil prices this Tuesday rose sharply in New York and London reaching a record 42,33 US dollars per barrel, 2.45 US dollars more than last Friday.	Oil prices this Tuesday surged to an all-time high in New York, at 42 dollars a barrel, 1.92 dollars a barrel more than last Friday.
In New York, Nymex light crude oil for July delivery hit $42.38 per barrel on Tuesday.	Crude oil futures surged to an all-time high in New York Tuesday, at 42 dollars a barrel.
Traditional performances in Jakarta include wayang dance and drama, gamelan music, and wayang shadow-puppet shows.	Gamelan music, in which percussion instruments are key, and shadow-puppet shows are popular in Jakarta.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.	The city hall is a museum now.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.	In the Old City are the old port, the Dutch town hall, and a square.
The Kota ( Fort ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia's financial capital.	The Kota is the country's business center.
The Istiqlal Mosque, in the northeast corner of Medan Merdeka opposite Lapangan Banteng, is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.	The Istiqlal Mosque is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
Jakarta lies on a low, flat alluvial plain with historically extensive swampy areas; the parts of the city farther inland are slightly higher.	The parts of Jakarta away from the coast are on slightly higher land.
Jakarta floods easily during the rainy season.	Jakarta is easily flooded during the rainy season.
The Dutch, who ruled Indonesia until 1949, called the city of Jakarta Batavia.	Formerly ( until 1949 ) Batavia, Jakarta is largest city and capital of Indonesia.
On Feb. 1, 1945, the Polish government made Warsaw its capital, and an office for urban reconstruction was set up.	Warsaw remained Poland's capital after the war.
Jews were confined to the Jewish part of town called a ghetto, and many people there starved to death.	Disease, starvation, and overcrowding caused thousands to perish before deportations to the Nazi death camps, especially to Treblinka, began in late 1941.
In 1596 the Polish king decided to move the capital from Krakow to Warsaw, making Warsaw the most important city in Poland.	In 1611 the king and his court finally moved from Krakow ( Cracow ) to Warsaw, making it the capital of the Polish state.
Saint John's Cathedral is the oldest church in Warsaw.	In the Old Town, the Gothic St . John's Cathedral and the red-brick fortifications known as the Barbican remain from the medieval period.
There are many Baroque churches of the Counter-Reformation period, including the Jesuit Church next to the cathedral and the Church of the Holy Cross, which contains Chopin's heart.	Sigismund made Warsaw the capital of Poland in 1611.
This became Aquincum when the Romans established a military camp and civilian town there at the end of the 1st century AD.	One of the first organized settlements on the site, though, was the Roman fortress of Aquincum.
Budapest is Europe's largest spa town; there are more than 100 hot springs that spout from Buda's limestone bedrock.	There are numerous underground hot springs that contain radium and other minerals, and, since Roman times, bathers have sought them out for their supposed healing properties.
To the south of Castle Hill rises the higher Gellert Hill ( 771 feet ), a steep limestone escarpment overlooking the Danube, which provides a panoramic view of the whole city.	To the south is Gellert Hill, which features the 19th-century Citadel.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.	Pest is on the opposite, east bank.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.	Buda is located on the west bank of the Danube.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.	Budapest consists of two principal parts that were merged in 1873.
There can be no doubt that the Administration already is weary of Aristide, a populist Roman Catholic priest who in December, 1990, won an overwhelming victory in Haiti's only democratic presidential election.	Aristide became president of Haiti in 1990.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president.	Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Cedras, Biamby, and Francois also led the 1991 coup that drove Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president, from office.	Aristide seized power in 1991.
U.S. officials said they hope to install Aristide presidential palace in Port-au-Prince about 10 days after U.S. troops land in Haiti, a schedule that an Aristide aide said is acceptable to the ousted president.	Port-au-Prince is in Haiti.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.	Transfer of power in Iraq on June 30.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.	The United Nations officialy transferred power to Iraq.
Iraq became a sovereign country Monday morning, but only a dozen officials were present at the transfer of power ceremony in the heavily guarded Green Zone of Baghdad. Bremer handed over legal documents that were accepted by Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.	The transfer of power took place in Baghdad.
Guerrillas killed a peasant in the city of Flores.	Guerrillas killed a civilian.
Metropolitan police personnel specializing in explosives defused the rockets. Some 100 people were working inside the plant.	100 people were injured.
The extraditables today claimed responsibility for the murder of Antioquia police commander colonel Waldemar Franklin Quintero, which occurred this morning in Medellin.	police officer killed.
Leftist guerrillas early Tuesday attacked a residential neighborhood in northern San Salvador where many government and military leaders have their homes.	Guerrillas attacked government buildings.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.	Movil Access appoints Gustavo Guzman as CFO.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.	Movil Access appoints Jose Luis Riera as CFO.
QNX Software Systems Ltd., a leading provider of real-time software and services to the embedded computing market, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Sachin Lawande to the position of vice president, engineering services.	Sachin Lawande Named VP of Engineering Services at QNX.
Stefano Falconi, director of finance at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), has joined Carnegie Mellon as its vice president for administration and chief financial officer. Falconi succeeds Jeff Bolton, who left the university last July to become chief financial officer at the Mayo Foundation in Rochester, Minn.	The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) appoints Stefano Falconi as chief financial officer.
Brent Frei, the co-founder of midmarket CRM vendor Onyx Software Corp., plans to step down as chief executive and chairman.	Brent Frei quits ceo position.
Mark Allen, the company's president and chief operating officer, will become the new CEO.	Mark Allen is appointed as chief operating officer.
C&D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.	C&D Technologies acquired Datel Inc.
C&D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.	Datel acquired C&D Technologies.
Ssangyong Motor was taken over by creditors after it collapsed under heavy debts during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis.	Asian financial crisis takes over Ssangyong Motor.
The American Defense Department reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircraft carriers and B52 bombers.	The Pentagon reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircrafts.
The American State Department announced that Russia recalled her ambassador to the United States for consultation due to the bombing operations on Iraq.	An official source in the American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States for consultation because of the bombings on Iraq .
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital.	An official source for Caritas announced today in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital, which is the biggest hospital in Iraq,) were hit in the American-British shelling of Baghdad.
An Iraqi official reported today, Saturday, that 68 Iraqi civilians were killed as a result of the American and British bombing on Iraq and that their funerals were held today in Baghdad.	Reports from an Iraqi official today, Saturday, said that the 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad .
The funeral procession headed to the headquarters of the United Nations Development Programme in Baghdad, where funeral goers held banners denouncing the Americans as Enemies of God..	The funeral procession had been directed to the UNDP headquarters in Baghdad, where signs denouncing Americans as enemies of God, were seen.
Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure.	Baghdad announced the complete halt in their cooperation with UNSCOM, and said also, that it will ask them to leave.
This opinion poll was conducted on the sixth and seventh of October, and included a cross section of 861 adults with a margin of error estimated at 4%.	This poll was carried out on the 6th and 7th of October, and included a segment of 861 people with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Nevertheless, 58 percent of Americans expressed their satisfaction with the President's job performance. 44 percent supported Nixon at the very beginning of the investigation into Watergate.	Although 58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton's job performance, 44% found Nixon's work adequate at the start of the Watergate scandal.
Boise and OfficeMax customers will have the opportunity to get involved with the Belief in Hope campaign in a variety of ways.	Boise to acquire OfficeMax.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation recognizes the following organizations for their generous support in helping to protect the wonders and wildlife of Yellowstone National Park.	The Yellowstone Park Foundation would like to acknowledge and thank the following organizations for their generous support.
Ostriches put their heads into the sand to avoid the wind.	Ostriches bury their heads in the sand.
In 1997, insurance companies paid out $51.6 billion for prescription drugs.	Insurance companies cover prescription drugs.
Representatives from 142 nations are expected to sit down in Doha Qatar, next Friday for the World Trade Organization's (WTO) fourth Ministerial Conference.	Representatives of the 142 member countries of the World Trade Organization will gather in Doha, Qatar, next Friday.
Two women from two counties are dead and police have some clues as to who murdered them.	Police gather clues in double assassination.
Trained volunteers are collecting baseline data on water quality, and testing for selected suspected contaminants of the coral reef.	Volunteers gather baseline data.
Putin and Bush say Iran doesn't have evil nuclear ambitions.	Bush and Putin urge Iran to give up nuclear ambitions.
Iran is said to give up al Qaeda members.	Iran hands over al Qaeda members.
Hollywood actress Minnie Driver is taking a break from films to work in a sweatshop in Cambodia.	Actress Minnie Driver gives up Hollywood for Cambodian sweat shop.
By clicking here, you can return to the login page.	Click here to go back to the login page.
The weapon Inspectors have had since 1991 to peacefully disarm Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction.	Weapons inspectors will go back to Iraq.
Following the successful bid to bring the 2010 Ryder Cup to Wales, the Wales Tourist Board has wasted little time in commissioning work to ensure that the benefits accruing from the event are felt throughout the country.	Wales to host 2010 Ryder Cup.
Located just three miles from Tullamore and only 45 minutes from the K Club, venue of the 2006 Ryder Cup, is Esker Hills, a genuine hidden gem and one of Irish golf's best kept secrets.	The K Club will host the 2006 Ryder Cup.
Coronado High School English teacher Lori Rosales has read the Harry Potter books and sees them as educational and something that children can relate to because the stories are timeless.	Teacher wins right to market Harry Potter.
The magnitude 7 earthquake that occurred today on the Hayward fault (a part of the San Andreas fault system, along the densely populated eastern side of San Francisco bay) caused hundreds of deaths and almost $100 billion of damage.	There was a magnitude 7 earthquake on the Hayward fault.
After insulting the UN committee insinuating they were irrelavant, Bush no sooner had approval from Congress to use force/war if Hussein did not permit unfettered access for inspections - and the war ships were moved into place on the Gulf.	Hussein gives UN inspectors unfettered access.
Like Jews and Christians, Muslims believe there is only one God.	Muslims are monotheistic.
Muslims are commanded not to take Jews or Christians for friends.	Jews and Christians pray as Muslims do.
Medieval Christians said the rosary as Catholics still do today: by praying five decades of Ave Marias (Hail Marys), each introduced by a Pater Noster (Our Father), while meditating on three series of five mysteries each.	Christians pray the rosary.
Then the most important part of the day begins as Muslims go to the mosque, their special place of worship.	Muslims pray at the mosque.
During Ramadan, Muslims will gather at the mosque for nightly prayer sessions and evening meals.	The mosque is a place of worship for Muslims.
Robert Szabo concludes that circumcision, as practiced by Muslims, would be the most immediately effective intervention for reducing HIV transmission since it is done before men are sexually active.	It is incorrect to assert that circumcision prevents HIV infection.
Those teens who are gay, lesbian or confused about their sexuality are also more likely to attempt suicide.	Teens who are depressed are much more at risk of attempting suicide than other teens.
Exercising the powers referred to in article 15, paragraph 3, of the protocol to suppress and punish trafficking in persons, especially women and children, the government of Ecuador makes a reservation with regard to article 15, paragraph 2, relating to the settlement of disputes.	The government of Ecuador aims to prevent trafficking in persons.
Cyrus captured Babylon without a battle, and remedied the evils done by previous Assyrian and Babylonian rulers by sending prisoners in Babylonia back to their original homelands and aiding in the restoration of temples of the gods of various nations.	Babylon surrendered to Cyrus without going to battle.
After trial, Family Court found defendant guilty of willfully violating the order of protection and sentenced him to six months incarceration.	Family Court cannot punish the guilty.
If this challenge interests you, you might enjoy reading Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn.	I read Punished by Rewards by Alfie Kohn.
In the year 538, Cyrus set in place a policy which demanded the return of the various gods to their proper places.	Cyrus issued a declaration in 538 that would allow the Jews to go back to their homeland.
American Airlines began laying off hundreds of flight attendants on Tuesday, after a federal judge turned aside a union's bid to block the job losses.	American Airlines will recall hundreds of flight attendants.
Only 18 states, including Massachusetts, have specific provisions that allow women who quit their jobs due to domestic violence to qualify for UI.	18 states have provisions that permit women who quit their jobs because of domestic violence to collect unemployment insurance.
California voters recall Gray Davis and elect Arnold Schwarzenegger as their governor.	California voters dumped Gov. Gray Davis and replaced him with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
If any legal action is due to enforcement, dispute, breach, or default, the successful party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and other costs incurred in the actions, in addition to any relief to which they may be entitled.	The prevailing party shall recover attorney fees.
The trial court may allow the prevailing party reasonable attorney fees as part of costs.	The prevailing party may not recover attorney fees.
Texas Data Recovery is also successful at retrieving lost data from notebooks and laptops, regardless of age, make or model.	In the event of a disaster you could use Texas Data Recovery and you will have the capability to restore lost data.
Successful plaintiffs recovered punitive damages in Texas discrimination cases 53% of the time.	Legal costs to recover punitive damages are a deductible business expense.
The Heads of state reiterated their deep concern for the serious threat that the rising trend in drug abuse poses for society and the lives and future of children and youth, and for the destabilizing effects that illegal use, production, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs psychotropic substances and drug-related offences have for the affected countries of the South Asian region.	The Heads of state expressed their deep concern at the fast and continuing degradation of the environment, including extensive destruction of forests, in the South Asian region.
Swedish massage is used to help relax muscles, increase circulation, remove metabolic waste products, help the recipient obtain a feeling of connectedness, a better awareness of their body and the way they use and position it.	Swedish massage loosens tense muscles.
If you 're feeling playful, visit our games area for a game of billiards, surf the Internet or just sit back and relax with a good book from our extensive library. Alternatively, soothe away those tired muscles, aches and pains with a Balinese massage.	Traditional Balinese massage is a therapy where pushing techniques predominate.
Two years ago Moore had a 5,300-pound monument showcasing the Ten Commandments placed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building, which is just down the street from the Capitol, and a federal judge ordered Moore to remove the plaque.	Moore now has the commandments plaque posted in his office.
The substances that our company uses do not leave stains, do not have an unpleasant smell and are not toxic.	Our substances remove stains.
Moore had the monument, along with other references to God, installed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building six months after he was elected Chief Justice in 2000.	Moore had the monument installed before he became Chief Justice.
Sentiment is growing in the Bush administration and global energy circles to place Iraqi professionals in charge of their country's oil production after any war, despite a push by some officials for the United States to seize control of the lucrative oil fields.	The United States threatened the severest consequences if Iraq were to use chemical or biological weapons against the United States, destroy Kuwaiti oil fields or participate in terrorism.
The Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931 and their eventual attack on China in 1937 also lead to vast areas of China not being under Chiang's control.	The Japanese seized Manchuria in 1931, and began a war against China in 1937.
Microsoft for instance, one of the world's largest software companies, lost more than an estimated 500 million dollars last year because of software theft.	Microsoft would spend 500 million dollars.
The richest provinces, Ontario, Alberta and B.C, have spent billions on tax cuts and slashing services while at the same time howling for Ottawa to give them more money for medicare.	Ottawa promises more money to upgrade the literacy levels and skills of natives and high school dropouts.
It would help the economy by putting people back to work and more money in the hands of consumers.	More money in the hands of consumers means more money can be spent to get the economy going.
US Catholic bishops are all but unanimous in believing that Cardinal Law must leave Boston for the good of the church.	Cardinal Law returns from Rome with plans to stay in Boston.
The United States would like to see U.N. weapons inspectors return to Iraq providing the Iraqis take concrete, affirmative and demonstrable actions to show full co-operation Clinton said.	U.N. weapons inspectors could stay in Iraq, Clinton said.
The decision by the British government to suspend flights to Kenya is regrettable, it plays into the hands of terrorists.	The British government banned flights to Kenya.
North Korea states intention to restart reactors, throws out IAEA inspectors and takes down inspection cameras, announces immediate withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and makes threats of war if the UN or the United States imposes sanctions.	North Korea has announced its withdrawal from liaison meetings with United States military officers.
If you have rheumatic heart disease, high blood pressure, or diabetes, or take digitalis drugs, vitamin E can be harmful.	Vitamin E can prevent heart disease.
When Albright was the US ambassador to the United Nations, Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes asked her about the sanctions and the deaths of Iraqi children. Albright said it was America's responsibility to make sure the Gulf War did not have to be fought again.	Albright said that to punish Saddam Hussein, the deaths of those children were worth it..
Doug Lawrence bought the impressionist oil landscape by J. Ottis Adams in the mid-1970s at a Fort Wayne antiques dealer.	Doug Lawrence sold the impressionist oil landscape by J. Ottis Adams.
Warheads believed to contain the deadly nerve agent cyclosarin that were found by Polish troops in Iraq date back to Saddam Hussein's war with Iran in the 1980s, authorities said Friday.	Polish troops confiscated Warheads.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp.'s new vehicle sales in the US fell 46 percent in June.	Mitsubishi sales rose 46 percent.
The news comes as the owners of Kilroot announced plans to install clean-up equipment at the plant near Carrickfergus at a cost of Â£35 million.	Owners announced plans to sell clean-up equipment.
U.S. Embassy spokesman Stanley Shrager said that the Americans hope to help Port-au-Prince's elected mayor, Evans Paul, return from hiding and resume his post as mayor of the city.	Americans hope to help Evans Paul in the election for mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Like the United States, U.N. officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.	Aristide had Prime Minister Robert Malval  murdered in Port-au-Prince.
Gladys Lauture, a close Aristide friend and longtime supporter, said she and a team of carpenters, plumbers and decorators spent 18 days making Aristide's Port-au-Prince home livable again.	Aristide is due to live at Port-au-Prince again.
Juan Antonio Samaranch, president of the International Olympic Committee, left Lillehammer for Sarajevo to pay tribute to the besieged host city of the 1984 Winter Games.	The International Olympic Commitee's head office is in Lillehammer.
City officials fired the captain of the crashed Staten Island ferry.	Staten Island ferry captain has refused to talk with investigators.
Budapest again became the focus of national political drama in the late 1980s, when Hungary led the reform movement in eastern Europe that broke the communist monopoly on political power and ushered in the possibility of multiparty politics.	In the late 1980s Budapest became the center of the reform movement.
In Wednesday's filing, Google said it planned to complete the IPO as soon as practicable..	It's unclear whether Wednesday's twist will affect the timing of Google's initial public offering.
Al-Jazeera broadcasts to millions of Arab viewers from headquarters in Doha, Qatar.	Al-Jazeera has occasionally run into problems with authorities in other Arab countries.
The new study refutes earlier findings by researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles, who concluded that the odds of getting head and neck cancers rose in tandem with the frequency and duration of marijuana use.	The latest findings contradict a California study that implicated regular pot smoking as having markedly higher risks for head and neck cancers.
Kessler's team conducted 60,643 face-to-face interviews with adults in 14 countries.	Kessler's team interviewed more than 60,000 adults in 14 countries.
Investigators described the gunman as white, about 30 years old, of medium build with shoulder-length, wavy blond hair and as having a scruffy or grunge appearance.	The gunman is described as a white male in his 30s with a medium build, shoulder-length blonde hair and an unkempt appearance.
The body of Satomi Mitarai was found by a teacher after her attacker returned to class in bloody clothes.	Mitarai's body was found by a teacher after her killer returned to their classroom covered in blood.
Witnesses told police a gas canister exploded to start the fire in a multilevel building which houses the Ycua Bolanos supermarket, a food court and a parking garage, causing the bottom floor to collapse.	Television footage showed several levels of the multi-level supermarket covered in soot, including the lower level parking garage.
Gross domestic product, a measure of total output within the nation's borders, climbed at a 3% annual pace in the April-June period.	Annual rate increase of 3% in second quarter much lower than forecasts.
Intel has decided to push back the launch date for its 4-GHz Pentium 4 desktop processor to the first quarter of 2005.	Intel would raise the clock speed of the company's flagship Pentium 4 processor to 4 GHz.
The last Australian to win Miss Universe was Perth's Kerry Anne Wells in 1972.	Not since 1972 has an Australian woman been named Miss Universe.
The city continued to grow through much of the 20th century.	The city continued to grow, but its services deteriorated.
This growth proved short-lived, for a Swedish invasion ( 1655-56 ) devastated the flourishing city of Warsaw.	Warsaw was invaded by the Swedes in 1655, and the city was devastated.
A car bomb exploded outside a U.S. military base near Baji.	A car bomb exploded outside a U.S. military base near Beiji.
Because of Reagan's economic strategy, the federal budget deficit ballooned.	Reagan's economic strategy led to huge federal budget deficits.
Once called the Queen of the Danube, Budapest has long been the focal point of the nation and a lively cultural centre.	Budapest was once popularly known as the Queen of the Danube..
Vanunu, 49, was abducted by Israeli agents and convicted of treason in 1986 after discussing his work as a mid-level Dimona.	Vanunu's disclosures in 1968 led experts to conclude that Israel has a stockpile of nuclear warheads.
Pakistani officials announced that two South African men in their custody had confessed to planning attacks at popular tourist spots in their home country.	Two South Africans were arrested in Pakistan in the past week after a shoot-out at a house between al-Qaeda operatives and security forces.
Meadows scored a bit part in a January episode of Law & Order.	Meadows appeared in a Law & Order episode which aired in January.
Authorities say Monica Meadows, who has appeared in catalogs and magazines, is in stable condition.	Monica Meadows is in stable condition.
According to tradition, they founded Tenochtitlan ( Place of the High Priest Tenoch ) after much wandering when they saw on an island in Lake Texcoco the sign that their god Huitzilopochtli had indicated -- an eagle perched on a cactus, eating a serpent .	They saw an eagle perched on a cactus eating a serpent.
Prosecutors were still expected to unseal an 11-count manslaughter indictment against the ferry's captain, Michael Gansas. He violated procedure by his absence from the wheelhouse during docking, when Smith lost control of the ferry.	Mr Smith entered his guilty plea to 11 counts of manslaughter and also to lying to investigators about his medical history, under an agreement reached with prosecutors.
The Golden Flyers set a school record this year with 16 victories.	The Golden Flyers set a school record with 16 victories.
The city ferry fleet shuttles about 70,000 people a day between Staten Island and Manhattan, a 5.2-mile trip across New York Harbor that takes about 25 minutes.	The ferry taking commuters from Manhattan to Staten Island crashed into a pier.
Rozsa ( Rose ) Hill , the third hill near the river, lies north of Castle Hill.	Rozsa Hill lies north of Castle Hill.
Only 14 percent of U.S. mothers exclusively breast-feed their babies for the minimum recommended six months.	There are many benefits from breast-feeding.
Francis Deng believes the government will be receptive to the plan to deploy 1,800 peacekeeping troops.	The AU said it may send a 2 000-strong peacekeeping force.
Recreational marijuana smokers are no more likely to develop oral cancer than nonusers.	Smoking marijuana does not increase the risk of developing oral cancer.
Coextensive with the metropolitan district of Jakarta Raya, it lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of Java.	Jakarta lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of the island of Java.
Six hostages in Iraq were freed.	The four Jordanian hostages, kidnapped about a week ago, were freed.
The GDP report showed growth in business outlays advanced at a solid 8.9% pace.	The GDP was a disappointing report.
Israel plans to increase the share of gas in its energy balance to 25 percent by 2025 from the current 1 percent.	Currently the share of natural gas in Israel's energy system amounts to no more than one percent.
A senior al-Qaeda operative who was said to be planning an attack on Heathrow Airport has been arrested.	Despite rumors, the British Home Office denied any specific threat had been made to target Heathrow airport.
For women who are HIV negative or who do not know their HIV status, breastfeeding should be protected, promoted and supported for six months.	For HIV-positive mothers, the decision about whether or not to breastfeed a child can be difficult.
Saudi Arabia was boosting its production.	Saudi Arabia was boosting its own production.
The city's motto is Contemnit procellas, which means, It defies the storms..	The city's motto is, appropriately, Contemnit procellas ( It defies the storms).
Hacking reported his wife missing on July 19, a Monday.	Mark Hacking was booked into the Salt Lake County Jail on Monday.
With $549 million in cash as of June 30, Google can easily afford to make amends.	Some 30 million shares have been assigned to the company's workers.
At the southeastern tip of the city, Xochimilco, another small town subsumed by the city, is a popular tourist destination because of its chinampas, or floating gardens, boats made out of reeds on which the Indians have grown plants since pre-Columbian times.	Xochimilco is a popular tourist attraction because of its chinampas, or floating gardens.
Google Inc. is delaying its IPO by a week because of logistical problems related to institutional investors registering to bid on the shares.	A delay for Google's IPO would push the deal later into a month that is traditionally light on IPO volume.
Prosecutors were still expected to unseal an 11-count manslaughter indictment against the ferry's captain, Michael Gansas.	Gansas' attorneys have said that rule was not communicated to ferry staff.
The latest attacks targeted the U-S embassy and a top prosecutor's office in the Uzbek capital.	Yesterday's terrorist bombings killed two people at the entrance to the Israeli Embassy in Uzbekistan's capital.
Abu Musa al-Hindi was arrested following a tip-off from Pakistani Intelligence who claimed that he was receiving direct orders from Osama bin Laden.	The possibility of an attack began with the arrest of Naeem Noor Khan.
Even more than other economic activities, Mexico's financial services are concentrated in the capital.	Industry, retail stores, finance, and communications are all centered in the capital.
Benjamin Vanderford, 22, said he posted the 55-second clip, which shows a knife sawing against his neck, on an online file-sharing network in May.	Mr Vanderford said he filmed his own mock execution in a friend's garage to show how the media could be fooled.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr. in an attempted assassination on March 30, 1981.	Reagan almost died on March 30, 1981, when would-be assassin John W. Hinckley Jr. shot him.
Jennifer Hawkins is the 21-year-old beauty queen from Australia.	Jennifer Hawkins is Australia's 21-year-old  beauty queen.
The board of Marks & Spencer will take another look at Philip Green's increased takeover offer.	Philip Green tries to take over Marks & Spencer.
A brother of Colombia's education minister has been killed by Marxist rebels who kidnapped him three years ago.	Colombia's education minister has been kidnapped by Marxist rebels.
CBS newsman Harry Reasoner is returning to his Iowa hometown to get married Saturday.	CBS newsman Harry Reasoner was born in Iowa.
The program, financed with a grant from the UN Agency for International Development, is aimed at reducing infant mortality in Madagascar, an island nation in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.	The UN Agency for International Development is an organisation based in Madagascar.
Bosch was found innocent in Venezuela of the bombing charges for a third time Aug. 7.	Bosch lives in Venezuela.
The organizing committee said 65 countries have entered the Lillehammer Olympic Games, matching the number of nations at the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville, France.	65 countries take part in the Lillehammer Olympic Games.
Queen Victoria died in 1901, at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.	Queen Victoria was born in 1901.
DAYTON, Ohio. A cargo plane bound for Montreal with a small quantity of hazardous chemicals crashed and exploded shortly after takeoff.	Dayton is located in Ohio.
Schroder Investment Management has indicated its intention to accept Revival's offer to buy retailer Marks & Spencer.	Revival tries to take over Marks & Spencer Group.
Sirhan Sirhan, a Jordanian immigrant, was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison.	Sirhan Sirhan killed Kennedy.
Christoffer's family was identified only as an Air Force family living in Southern California.	Air Force is an organisation based in Southern California.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission.	George Bush is the president of the European Commission.
Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania.	Rome is located in Lazio province.
Like the United States, U.N. officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.	U.N. officials take part in a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval.
Illinois born Charlton Heston was a 27-year-old actor from Broadway and television when he arrived in Hollywood for a five-picture contract with Hal Wallis.	Charlton Heston was born in Illinois.
Deployment of workers to Iraq has been halted after the reported hostage-taking of a Filipino man by gunmen.	A Filipino man has been kidnapped by gunmen.
He graduated from high school from Benton, Tenn. and from Tennessee Tech. in Cookville, and holds a doctorate in physics from Virginia Tech.	Tennessee Tech is an organisation based in Cookville.
Sculptures by Duane Hanson is an exhibition of lifelike people sculptures created by this Minnesota born artist.	Duane Hanson was born in Minnesota.
Oil prices eased back from record high levels after Russia's justice ministry said embattled oil giant Yukos can continue oil production and sales.	Oil prices rise.
As a real native Detroiter, I want to remind everyone that Madonna is from Bay City, Mich., a nice place in the thumb of the state's lower peninsula.	Madonna was born in Bay City, Mich.
In 1865, John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln, was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green, Va., and killed.	John Wilkes Booth killed President Abraham Lincoln.
Oil prices fall back as Yukos oil threat lifted.	Oil prices rise.
There can be no doubt that the Administration already is weary of Aristide, a populist Roman Catholic priest who in December, 1990, won an overwhelming victory in Haiti's only democratic presidential election.	Haiti's only democratic presidential election took place in 1990.
Sonia Gandhi can be defeated in the next elections in India by BJP.	Sonia Gandhi is defeated by BJP.
Yount, who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren, was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer, a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg, Pa.	James Marvin Forsgren killed Pamela Sue Rimer.
BTA said those injured in the fire at Borovets, 22 miles southeast of Sofia, were from Britain, the Soviet Union, West Germany, the Netherlands, Greece and Denmark.	Sofia is located in Britain.
Like the United States, U.N. officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.	Aristide kills Prime Minister Robert Malval.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president.	Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
With South Carolina being Jesse Jackson's home state, there was a very strong incentive in the black community.	Jesse Jackson was born in South Carolina.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president.	Evans Paul is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Twenty years ago, on June 6, 1968, Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles, 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan.	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan killed Sen. Robert F. Kennedy.
Crude oil prices shot to new highs yesterday as markets reacted to a threat by Russian authorities to shut down most of the production from that country's largest oil company.	Crude oil prices rise.
Teenage sensation Wayne Rooney powered England into the quarter-finals of Euro 2004 with two goals in Monday's 4-2 defeat of Croatia and they were joined in the last eight by champions France who beat Switzerland 3-1.	France participates in Euro 2004.
Los Angeles Mayor James Hahn, along with top members of the Automobile Club of Southern California, along with will announce the kickoff of a $9 billion plan to fund Los Angeles County's Top Ten Traffic Busters.	James Hahn is a member of the Automobile Club of Southern California.
Lennon was murdered by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec. 8, 1980.	Mark David Chapman killed Lennon.
The plan was released by Mr Dean on behalf of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, still recovering from a recent accident, at a Secretarial Summit on Health Information Technology that was attended by many of the nation's leaders in electronic health records.	Mr Dean is the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In 1973, the United States and Communist China agreed to establish liaison offices in Beijing and Washington.	Communist China is an organisation based in Beijing and Washington.
The Irish Sales, Services and Marketing Operation of Microsoft was established in 1991.	Microsoft was established in 1991.
P. Prayong, who like Kevala belongs to the Theravada sect of Buddhism, chose India over other Buddhist majority nations as it is the birthplace of Gautama Buddha.	P. Prayong is a member of Theravada.
The organizers of the 15th International AIDS Conference, scheduled for next month in Bangkok, Thailand, on Saturday responded to press reports that a prominent hotel in Bangkok discriminated against HIV-positive visitors attending a different conference this month.	HIV-positive visitors take part in the 15th International AIDS Conference.
The G8 summit, held June 8-10, brought together leaders of the world's major industrial democracies, including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, United Kingdom, European Union and United States.	Canada participates in the G8 summit.
Three of its five permanent members, France, Russia and China, are pushing the U.N. Security Council to lift the embargo on Iraq.	China is a member of the U.N. Security Council.
Mr Green, Marks & Spencer's new owner, has made a lot of money by taking over underperforming businesses.	Mr Green tries to take over Marks & Spencer.
In an address to the IAEA board of governors in Vienna, Hans Blix said a technical team that visited North Korea last month found that facilities subject to the freeze were not in operation and that construction work had stopped..	Hans Blix is the director general of IAEA.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraq's interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.	The U.S. chose Paul Bremer as new governor of Iraq.
The first Windows DNA lab outside Microsoft was established in suburban Philadelphia in June 1998.	Microsoft was established in June 1998.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders about the election of the EU commission president.	EU leaders take part in an EU-Japan summit.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission.	Romani Prodi is the US President.
The Anzio beachhead, 33 miles south of Rome, saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II, and accounted for many of the 10,000 US battle deaths in Italy in the first half of 1944.	The Anzio beachhead is located 33 miles south of Rome.
Crude oil dips below $43 on news that Russia's justice ministry will not force Yukos to halt sales.	Crude oil rises.
The White House failed to act on the domestic threat from al Qaeda prior to September 11, 2001.	White House ignored the threat of attack.
No Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq Yet.	Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq.
A priest who served in the Diocese of Metuchen in the mid-1980s has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually abusing a Massachusetts boy.	Pedophile gets life in prison.
Eilat, Israel's most southerly port and the country's only access to the Red Sea, has long been a winter destination for tourists, 80% of whom are Europeans attracted by its temperate climates and clear waters.	In winter most tourists to Eilat come from Europe.
On the eve of a widely anticipated retaliation against Russian forces in Grozny, military commanders withdrew key units from the city, leaving it vulnerable to guerrilla infiltration.	Russian forces vulnerable to guerrilla fighters.
No stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq since Saddam's regime was toppled in a US-led invasion last year.	Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
The Scots pioneered the idea of a single currency, when they shared the Ecu with France during the Auld Alliance, and therefore they are certain to join in the monetary union process again when the EU states amalgamate their currencies under Maastricht.	France still maintains Ecu is the best denomination for the Maastricht single-currency..
Hippos do come into conflict with people quite often.	Hippopotamus attacks human.
Acid attacks on women are carried out across Asia, with reports of such incidents from Burma, Cambodia, India and Pakistan.	Acid attacks are carried out on women.
Dr. Amy Joy Lanou, director of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine in America, was quick to point out health dangers of the Atkins diet.	Atkins diet is associated with increased risk conditions.
Turkey is unlikely to become involved in, or allow U.S. forces to use Turkish territory in a Middle East war that does not threaten her territory directly.	U.S. to use Turkish military bases.
Security preparations kept protestors at bay at the recent G8 Summit on Sea Island (USA).	Demonstrations against G8 Summit took place at Sea Island bay.
Scripps Memorial Hospital Encinitas emergency room doctors and nurses treat two to three injured surfers.	Scripps Hospital assists surfing accident victims.
It would create an underclass of illiterate and impoverished residents, deprived of basic skills, including English-language skills, necessary for the integration of immigrant children into our society and our work force.	Language skills are a means of social integration.
There is none. They found as many weapons in this masjid as they found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.	Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
The Security Council voted in 2002 to protect U.S. soldiers and personnel from other nations that haven't ratified the creation of the court through a treaty, and last June renewed the immunity for a year.	Immunity for soldiers renewed.
The council prohibited any travel outside of Haiti by all officers of the Haitian military and police and all major participants in the September, 1991, coup.	The council is prohibited to travel outside of Haiti by military officers.
Winning Team John C. Harsanyi, John F. Nash and Reinhard Selten were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics. The three professors were singled out for their unique contributions to game theory, derived from studies of games such as poker or chess, in which players have to think ahead and devise a strategy based on expected countermoves from opponents.	Three scholars shared a Nobel Prize for their studies about the game theory.
NIH's FY05 budget request of $28.8 billion includes $2 billion for the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, a 3.4-percent increase, and $1.1 billion for the National Center for Research Resources, and a 7.2-percent decrease from FY04 levels.	A request was reduced to $1.1 billion.
Swedish Foreign Minister murdered.	Swedish prime minister murdered.
Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure.	Baghdad will end it's cooperation with UNSCOM, and wants them to leave.
An Iraqi official reported today, Saturday, that 68 Iraqi civilians were killed as a result of the American and British bombing on Iraq and that their funerals were held today in Baghdad.	The 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad.
An official of Abyan police, where 16 Western tourists are being held since yesterday, announced that the hostages are held by the Yemeni Islamic Jihad group, which is demanding the release of its leader and lifting the embargo on Iraq.	The Yemen branch of the Islamic Jihad group, kidnapped the 16 Western tourists.
Contact with the press will be restricted to perodic meetings, as promised by all three parties, in order to focus their energies on the most important issues.	The delegations may only speak periodically to the press, in order to concentrate on the issues.
Sultan Al-Shawi, a.k.a the Attorney, said during a funeral held for the victims, They were all children of Iraq killed during the savage bombing..	The Attorney, said at the funeral, They were all Iraqis killed during the brutal shelling..
Scientists had thought all gamma-ray bursts had a standard energy.	The scientists had thought that all explosions gamma the ray have a standard energy.
U.S. crude settled $1.32 lower at $42.83 a barrel.	Crude the light American lowered to the closing 1.32 dollars, to 42.83 dollars the barrel.
The Commission, designated to shed light on crimes and human rights violations during the apartheid period, accuses the African National Congress of carrying out torture and executions without trials in concentration camps, and also of playing an active role in the political violence incidents that took place between 1990 and 1994.	The Commission accused the ANC of violence, executions and human rights violations.
The Commission's Deputy Chairman, Charles Duelfer, said, We will keep the inspectors there in the hope that Iraq may back down from its decision..	The Vice-Chairman of the Committee Charles Duelfer said, we hope to end Iraq's resolution..
The Prime Minister's Office and the Foreign Office had earlier purposely asserted that the case is strictly in the jurisdiction of the police and the justice system.	The jurisdiction of the case was queried by the Prime Minister and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Iraq's representative to the United Nations, Nizar Hamdoun, announced today, Sunday, that thousands of people were killed or injured during the four days of air bombardment against Iraq.	Nizar HAMDOON, Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations, announced that thousands of people could be killed or wounded due to the aerial bombardment of Iraq.
Ecevit, one of the most senior Turkish politicians, was unable to secure the necessary support from the parties represented in the Parliament in order to form his government.	Ecevit was unable to form the government due to a lack of support.
The American television network CNN reported that officials at the American Defense Department (The Pentagon) will recommend halting the bombing on Iraq to President Bill Clinton this evening, Saturday.	CNN reported that officials at the Pentagon said that President Clinton is obligated to stop the shelling on Iraq .
The cost of the consumer of the United States fell in June.	U.S. consumer spending dived in June.
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission's investigators submitted the preliminary results of their work in early October to around 200 organisations and individuals to warn them of charges against them and to give them the opportunity to respond before final drafting of the report.	The Commission investigated 200 people and oragnisations, before charging them, in order to prevent them from responding prior to the official release of the report.
This explanation was rejected by the Government of Chile, who insist that Pinochet enjoys diplomatic immunity in his capacity as an elected member in the Senate for life since leaving the command of the armed forces last March.	The Chilean government affirming that as a member of the Senate, Pinochet has diplomatic immunity.
Brazil, Australia and Thailand argued that the EU, one of the world's largest exporters, broke WTO farm rules by exceeding limits on export subsidies laid down under WTO's 1994 Agreement on Agriculture.	The three countries argued that UE, one of the greater exporter of the world, infringed the rules of the OMC when exceeding the limit of the subsidies to the exports indicated under the Agreement on Agriculture of the OMC in 1994.
UNSCOM employs about 120 persons in Iraq, including 40 inspectors.	Wilson uses some 120 persons in Iraq, 40 of whom are inspectors.
The poll also showed that a higher percentage of Americans (65%) believe that even if the investigation proceedings actually began, Clinton ought not to be removed.	According to the poll, 65% of Americans believe that Clinton should be removed from office.
The Damascus public have been welcomed into the election candidate's private homes or to specially erected tents where voters have been enjoying food, drink and entertainment, particularly in the home of the wealthy candidate, Adnan Mullah, where dozens of supporters and friends have been invited to dinner every evening.	Candidates are entertaining voters in their homes.
It could mean to leave in the street to thousands of workers.	It could lead to thousands of job losses.
The source added that the investigation proved that the bases of the genocide crime were completed with a series of illegal arrests followed in some cases with assassinations or cases of disappearances and were preceded, according to information attached to the file, by cases of torture..	Investigators discovered that a series of illicit arrests of were often followed by disappearances or murders and were preceded by torture.
Sources in Tegucigalpa reported that many Latin American countries are gearing up to face Hurricane Mitch.	South American countries are preparing for Mitch.
Clinton informed the two parties that in the absence of an agreement, a public announcement would be made, with the apparent objective of applying pressure to both sides, particularly the Israelis.	Clinton told the two sides that he would publicly announce their failure to agree, thereby pressurising them.
An official of the International Special Commission in charge of disarming Iraqi weapons (UNSCOM) announced yesterday, Saturday, that the Commission will keep its inspectors in Iraq despite Baghdad's decision to stop its cooperation with them.	UNSCOM is to stay in Iraq.
The Tunisian Foreign Ministry announced that Libyan leader Colonel Moammar Al Kaddafy arrived in Tunis this morning, Monday, for a brotherly and recreational visit, at the invitation of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Bin Ali.	Libya's leader Colonel Muammar Qaddafi arrived in Tunisia at the invitation of President Zine El Abidine Bin Ali.
The American House of Representatives is due to vote today, on a resolution submitted by the Chairman of the Judicial Committee, Henry Hyde, asking Congress to launch an investigation over charges brought forward by Independent Prosecutor-General Kenneth Star against President Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky affair.	Voting will take place in the American House of Representatives today, on the President Clinton-Monica Lewinsky scandal.
Nevertheless, 58 percent of Americans expressed their satisfaction with the President's job performance. 44 percent supported Nixon at the very beginning of the investigation into Watergate.	58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton's job performance.
Security authorities have declared a state of maximum emergency in Guatemala, which is located directly in the path of the hurricane.	There is a state of maximum emergency in Guatemala because of the hurricane.
The Yemeni Islamic Jihad group emerged in 1992, and it is comprised of old warriors from Afghanistan.	Yemen's Islamic Jihad group was set up by old Afgan warriors in 1992.
Greenspan's stance has underpinned predictions the Fed will raise rates steadily this year.	The position of Greenspan has propped up the predictions that the Fed will gradually elevate the east interest rates year.
A statement issued by Royal Moroccan Airlines, a copy of which was received by Agence France Presse today, said that the company decided to start two flights a week between Casablanca and Gaza as soon as the Palestinian airport is opened there.	With the opening of the Palestinian airport, Royal Moroccan Airlines will fly between Casablanca and Gaza.
Eddeh reasserted his opinion that President Al-Hrawi ought to be reinstated for another 3 years, claiming that the he has considerable experience in the running of the state, but his resignation would be appropriate after the withdrawal of Israeli and Syrian forces..	Eddeh calls for an extension to Al-Hrawi's presidency, saying that he should resign after the withdrawal of the Israeli and Syrian forces..
Both candidates are making a major push in Iowa.	Both candidates are delivering a great attack in Iowa.
Slavkov, accused in the Salt Lake scandal but later cleared, said he had been approached by Takatch.	Slavkov, defendant in the scandal of Salt Lake but that later was exculpated, in fact said that Takatch.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital.	Caritas announced that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital,) were hit in the shelling of Baghdad.
It was like hitting the jackpot.	It was like removing the lottery.
Israel controls an area of about 850 square kilometres in the south of the Lebanese Republic, while Syria has about 30 thousand soldiers over two thirds of the Lebanese territory.	Syria has 30,000 soldiers in 60% of Lebanon, and Israel controls an area in the south of 850 square kms.
Ramadan told reporters at the opening ceremony of the Baghdad International Exposition, No cooperation and no inspection or monitoring by the American Zionist espionage commission (the Special Commission for disarming Iraq's banned weapons - UNSCOM) before Iraq's demands are met..	Ramadan announced that Iraq will not cooperate with the inspectors.
The Iraqi Foreign Minister, Mohammad Said Al-Sahaf, met today with the new ambassadors and briefed them on the Iraqi diplomacy directives of escalating the move toward lifting the blockade imposed on Iraq and developing relations with various countries of the world..	Mohammed Said AL-SAHAF met with the ambassadors and briefed them on Iraq's diplomacy directives.
Journalists of the concealed BBC, that was made happen through advisers of London industralists, asked Slavkov.	BBC undercover reporters, posing as consultants acting for London businessmen, ask Slavkov.
The American State Department announced that Russia recalled her ambassador to the United States for consultation due to the bombing operations on Iraq.	The American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States about the bombings on Iraq.
The American television network A.B.C. quoted undisclosed sources at the American Defense Department today, Thursday, saying that the intense bombing operations on Iraq may cease by the end of this week.	The television network CNN, quoting sources in the American Ministry of Defence, revealed that the bombing of Iraq might end this week.
U.S. consumer spending dived in June.	The cost of the consumer of the United States fell in June.
The Croatian will face competition, especially from the American of Chinese origin, Michael Chang, second-seeded in the tournament. Organizers hope that the tournament will contribute to advancing tennis in their countries.	The Croatian and the Asian-American, Michael Chang (number two) will play eachother, and hopefully popularise the game in their native countries.
Aziz confirmed that Iraq's demands include the lifting of the blockade and the restructuring of the espionage commission, including its Chairman, (Richard) Butler.	Iraq demands the lifting of the embargo and changes in the committee.
The girl was found in Drummondville.	Drummondville contains the girl.
The report catalogues 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.	The report analyzes 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.
The witness then spotted Rodriguez crouching behind a gate for protection.	The witness rescued Rodriguez.
His family has steadfastly denied the charges.	The charges were denied by his family.
Alcohol now fuels 44 percent of all violent crime and 70 percent of Accident and Emergency hospital admissions at peak times are due to booze.	Alcohol has an effect on violent crimes.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.	Blair is sympathetic to anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Protesters, many from organized pro-government groups but including many ordinary citizens, carried anti-American banners and chanted slogans attacking U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his close alignment with U.S. policy.	Protesters confiscated anti-American banners and chanted slogans attacking U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his close alignment with U.S. policy.
The report catalogues 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.	Ten missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI are uncovered in the report.
The report faults intelligence agencies for a lack of imagination in not anticipating that al Qaeda could attack the United States using hijacked aircraft.	The report blames intelligence agencies.
Iraq would have been an unsafe, unsecure country that did pose a threat to the world.	A threat to the world would have arisen from Iraq.
Rodriguez told detectives he never touched the burning backpack, which was loaded with plastic pipes packed with gunpowder and BBs.	The burning backpack contained plastic pipes packed with gunpowder and BBs.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.	Blair is sorry for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Profits nearly doubled to nearly $1.8 billion.	Profits nearly doubled from nearly $1.8 billion.
Iraq would have been an unsafe, unsecure country that did pose a threat to the world.	Iraq would have constituted a threat to the world.
Five other soldiers have been ordered to face courts-martial.	Five other soldiers have been refused to face courts-martial.
The prosecutor told the court that the incident had caused distress to one of the children.	The prosecutor told the court that distress in one of the children is associated with the incident.
Bomb-sniffing dogs were brought to Rodriguez's Mulberry St. apartment.	Bomb-sniffing dogs were estimated at Rodriguez's Mulberry St. apartment.
Rich and poor nations struck a historic deal on Sunday to slash billions of dollars in farm subsidies, create more open industrial markets and revive stalled world trade talks that could boost global growth.	Rich and poor nations crashed into a historic deal on Sunday.
Relatives of a missing woman and her husband said late Saturday that new information from the husband has prompted them to call off a volunteer search for the woman.	Relatives of a missing woman and her husband cancelled a volunteer search for the woman.
Kerry hit Bush hard on his conduct on the war in Iraq.	Kerry shot Bush.
A matching fingerprint was discovered on the strap.	A matching fingerprint was excavated from the strap.
Saudi Arabia, the biggest oil producer in the world, was once a supporter of Osama bin Laden and his associates who led attacks against the United States.	Saudi Arabia is a key U.S. ally.
Quebec woman and her mother accused of plotting to kill a four-year-old girl.	Quebec woman murdered a four-year-old girl.
Rodriguez was spotted by a witness running away from the stairwell where the backpack was found seconds before it went off.	A witness rescued Rodriguez.
The Osaka World Trade Center is the tallest building in Western Japan.	The Osaka World Trade Center is the tallest building in Japan.
It's Only a Play is Terrence McNally's Give My Regards to Broadway, a lightweight tribute to the theater as seen from the lofty but limited vantage point of Broadway artists who are consumed by New York's hit/flop mentality.	Broadway is in New York.
Macedonian Milcho Manchevski's Before the Rain and Taiwanese Tsai Ming-liang's Aiqing Wansui/Vive L'Amour shared the Golden Lion award for best film.	Before the Rain and Vive L'Amour won the Golden Lion.
Jigish Avalani, group manager of Windows DNA marketing at Microsoft, explains that Windows DNA refers to the Windows Distributed interNet Application architecture, launched by Microsoft in fall of 1997.	Microsoft was established in fall of 1997.
After the 1979 Soviet invasion and occupation, 3 million Afghans fled to Pakistan, which was encouraged by hefty Western aid to take them in.	Afghanistan was invaded by the Soviet Union in 1979.
Andreessen, who helped define the Internet revolution as part of team that created the first Internet browser (Mosaic) and his co-founding Netscape, told a packed hall at the San Francisco Marriott hotel Thursday that he is extremely committed to his startup Loudcloud.	The Internet browser Mosaic was created at the San Francisco Marriott hotel.
Microsoft Israel was founded in 1989 and became one of the first Microsoft branches outside the USA.	Microsoft was established in 1989.
The demands on Italy's 53rd postwar government are apparent, as are the resentment and uncertainties Berlusconi has roused at the head of a new party with the catchy name Forza Italia (Go, Italy).	Silvio Berlusconi is in Forza Italia.
In 1969, more than 500 million people around the world sat in front of television sets, watching grainy images of two men in white bulky spacesuits planting a U.S. flag on the lunar landscape with its black horizon.	The Apollo astronauts waved the American flag on the moon in 1969.
Thus began the journey that led Hannam, a 29-year-old free-lance journalist, on an international quest to solve one of the greatest mysteries of Asia: What happened to Lin Piao, the Chinese Communist Party leader accused of a 1971 plot to overthrow Chairman Mao.	Lin Piao was the Chinese Communist Party leader.
The slender tower is the second tallest building in Japan.	The slender tower is the tallest building in Japan.
At eurodisney, once upon a time is now in this magical kingdom where childhood fantasies and make-believe come to life.	EuroDisney is located in this magical kingdom.
On his oak mantelpiece are a drinking bowl from Lake Turkana and an East African gourd, both of which he bought in Nairobi where he went in the fall of 1993 to visit Kitum Cave, the suspected host site for the Marburg virus, which is closely related to Ebola.	The Ebola virus has been found in Zaire.
Hoover's director reports directly to Stanford's president.	Hoover is the president of Stanford University.
The human species may be more than 100,000 years old but the bulk of its numerical growth has come in just the last few decades: 2.6 billion of today's 5.6 billion people have been born since 1960.	The world population is 5.6 billion.
VCU School of the Arts In Qatar is located in Doha, the capital city of Qatar.	Qatar is located in Doha.
In 1954, in a gesture of friendship to mark the 300th anniversary of Ukrainian union with Russia, Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev gave Crimea to Ukraine.	Crimea became part of Ukraine in 1954.
On this particular trip, Airbus, in cooperation with its partners, organized a trip for 80 children between the ages of 9 and 16 years from nearby National Children's Homes to visit EuroDisney for a day.	EuroDisney is located nearby National Children's Homes.
We've never had a core (business) thing, founder Richard Branson told Reuters at the launch this month of Virgin Vodka, which, with Virgin cola and Virgin computers, are his latest bright ideas.	Richard Branson's cola is called Virgin Cola.
Although Eurodisney is a great family day out, visit also the chateaux in the area and the various parks and pretty small villages.	EuroDisney is located in the various parks.
Brown brushed off a threat made Monday by his counterpart, Foreign Trade Minister Wu Yi, that if China's effort to join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) by the year's end is unsuccessful, Beijing will no longer be bound by previous trade and economic commitments.	Wu Yi is the Foreign Trade Minister of China.
In fact, Woolsey had had no first-hand experience with the world of spies until President Bill Clinton appointed him Director of Central Intelligence.	James Woolsey is the director of the CIA.
Witnesses of genocide attacks on minority Tutsis in Rwanda are being singled out for execution by extremist Hutus in refugee camps in southwest Rwanda, a U.N. spokesman said in Kigali, the capital.	The Hutu and Tutsi groups fought in Rwanda.
Prince Charles was previously married to Princess Diana, who died in a car crash in Paris in August 1997.	Prince Charles and Princess Diana got married in August 1997.
To avoid further price-gouging, Norway's Ministry of Government Administration announced that it was freezing prices on lodging, food and beverages in the Lillehammer area during the Winter Olympics.	Norway hosted the Winter Olympic Games.
The Hotel Moulin de Paris in 2.5km away from Disneyland Paris, and is located in the charming city of Magny-Le-Hongre.	EuroDisney is located in the charming city of Magny-Le-Hongre.
The county Board of Supervisors accepted more than $700,000 in state grants Tuesday to extend a program that provides the controversial drug azidothymidine -- AZT -- to low-income residents with AIDS or AIDS-related illnesses.	AZT is an AIDS treatment.
Now it's Romania-Argentina at the Rose Bowl today -- and with a victory, it's on to the quarterfinals at Stanford, and a victory there and Romania will be back in Pasadena for the semifinals and World Cup final.	The World Cup final was held in Pasadena.
Jacqueline B. Wender is Assistant to the President of Stanford University.	Jacqueline B. Wender is the President of Stanford University.
For hundreds of family members holed up in a hotel not far from the Stockholm ferry terminal, where the boat Estonia was to have docked Wednesday morning after an overnight trip from the Estonian capital of Tallinn, the suspended rescue effort was just the latest in a day of heartbreaking reports.	The Estonia set sail from Tallinn.
A remastered version of Paramount's Breakfast at Tiffany's, starring Audrey Hepburn, is scheduled for release Nov. 2 at $40.	Audrey Hepburn starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's.
The main race track in Qatar is located in Shahaniya, on the Dukhan Road.	Qatar is located in Shahaniya.
Yoko Ono, widow of murdered Beatles star John Lennon, has plastered the small German town of Langenhagen with backsides.	Yoko Ono was John Lennon's wife.
Practically every architect of international stature has vied for the bonanza of public and private projects -- including Renzo Piano, Peter Eisenman, Philip Johnson, Rafael Moneo, Helmut Jahn and Richard Rogers.	Renzo Piano is an architect.
There are more than 4,000 street children in the capital city of Ulan Bator.	The population of Ulan Bator is 4,000.
Twelve of Jupiter's moons are relatively small and seem to have been more likely captured than to have been formed in orbit around Jupiter.	Jupiter has Twelve moons.
In 1932 he joined the then illegal Communist party and held high government and party posts from 1942, becoming home secretary in 1948, when the Communist party took control in Hungary.	Communist control in Hungary ended in 1948.
The tallest building in Tokyo and the second tallest building in Japan, the TMGO was conceived as a high-tech center from which Tokyo could be led into the promising twenty-first century.	TMGO is the tallest building in Japan.
Grieving father Christopher Yavelow hopes to deliver one million letters to the queen of Holland to bring his children home.	Christopher Yavelow is the queen of Holland.
How come a country (Vatican City), a so-called country, that is in essence 800 square acres of office space in the middle of Rome, that has a citizenry that excludes women and children, seems to attract the most attention in talking about public policy that deals with women and children? she demanded.	The Vatican City is in Rome.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments.	The European Union is made up of 25 nations.
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Smith Barney, now a unit of Citigroup, in 1998 settled discrimination cases involving hundreds of female employees.	Merrill Lynch & Co. and Smith Barney are now a unit of Citigroup.
A second man, aged 24, technically freed yesterday was bailed after being questioned over alleged forged identity documents, but has been further detained on immigration matters, a spokesman for Scotland Yard said.	A spokesman for Scotland Yard was freed yesterday.
U.S. light crude was trading erratically on the New York Mercantile Exchange, hitting $44.50 a barrel before easing back a bit to $44.10, still a gain of $1.27.	The U.S. light crude is $1.27 a barrel.
A rocket attack killed two Israelis, including a 3-year-old boy.	A three-year-old was killed in a rocket attack.
It found that binge drinking in women aged 18 to 44 increased in the United States by 13 percent between 1999 and 2002.	Female binge drinking rose 13 percent in three years.
Two bombs planted near an Islamic school in Pakistan killed eight people and injured 42 others yesterday in the latest outbreak of violence gripping the southern port of Karachi.	Eight people planted two bombs near an Islamic school in Pakistan.
Harvey Weinstein, the co-chairman of Miramax, who was instrumental in popularizing both independent and foreign films with broad audiences, agrees.	Harvey Weinstein is the co-chairman of Miramax.
On opening day Salesforce.com's stock was up $6.20 to $17.20, a 56.4% increase over the initial offering price of $11.	Opening day of the stock of Salesforce.com rose 56.4% over the initial offering price.
Even though the rug was ripped out from under Lollapalooza this week, Jane's Addiction frontman Perry Farrell is optimistic that the eclectic music festival he co-founded in 1991 will resurface and it might be sooner than you think.	Perry Farrel hopes to found another music festival.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate.	A summit between Europe and Japan is taking place in the Japanise capital.
After giving nearly 5,000 people a second chance at life, doctors are celebrating the 25th anniversary of Britian's first heart transplant which was performed at Cambridgeshire's Papworth Hospital in 1979.	The first heart transplant in Britian was performed in 1979.
More than 150 dolphins, marine turtles and beaked whales have been washed up dead on beaches in Africa.	Dead dolphins, turtles and whales have been found on African beaches.
The so-called grandmother hypothesis, based on studies of African hunter-gatherer groups, suggests that infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.	The grandmother hypothesis suggests that infertile women are very important for raising children.
The kidnappers want the Kuwaiti firm that employs the men to stop doing business in Iraq and to pay compensation to the victims of U.S. strikes in Falluja.	The kidnappers paid compensation to the victims of the U.S.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments for everything from high unemployment to involvement in Iraq.	EU nations' citizens protest against punishment for unemployment.
Wal-Mart has received a lot of negative publicity recently, including allegations that it used illegal workers and made employees work without pay during lunch breaks, as well as complaints that it generally underpays employees.	Wal-Mart complains about negative publicity.
Following the assassination attempt in 1981, Reagan said he felt God had spared him for a purpose, and he intended to devote the rest of his life in dedication to his God and to that purpose.	Regan was almost assassinated in 1981.
Abu Eisa al-Hindi was said to have been involved in a plot to attack Heathrow airport, details of which were allegedly discovered on the computer of Abu Eisa al-Hindi, 25, an al-Qa'ida suspect recently arrested in Pakistan.	Abu Eisa al-Hindi is the father of Abu Eisa al-Hindi.
AT&T Corp. says it will stop selling traditional local and long-distance residential service in seven states, blaming its move on a court decision that it says will result in higher prices for its use of regional networks.	AT&T blames a court decision that will cause higher prices.
Infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.	Infertile women cannot produce children.
The so-called grandmother hypothesis, based on studies of African hunter-gatherer groups, suggests that infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.	Infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing, according to the grandmother hypothesis.
Cool, humid weather Sunday helped slow the advance of a fire that caused the evacuation of hundreds of homes and businesses in Alaska's Interior.	There was a fire in Alaska.
The Securities and Exchange Commission's new rule to beef up the independence of mutual fund boards represents an industry defeat.	The SEC's new rule will give boards independence.
Oil prices edged up today as Norwegian employers said they would respond to a strike by locking out all workers next week, threatening to shut off almost all oil and gas output.	Norwegian employers caused oil prices to rise.
Startling new research into mobile phones claims they may reduce a man's sperm count by up to 30%.	Male fertility may be affected by use of a mobile phones.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate to presidency of the European commission.	EU leaders found an agreement about a candidate to the post of European commission president.
Saginaw police responded to a domestic violence complaint at the wrong house and ended up shooting the owners' dog.	Saginaw police mistakenly went to the wrong house in response to a complaint.
President Bush returned to the Mountain State to celebrate Independence Day, telling a spirited crowd yesterday that on its 228th birthday the nation is moving forward with confidence and strength..	Independence Day was a popular movie.
Medicare will select by lottery 10 percent of those who apply by Aug. 16 to begin receiving benefits starting Sept. 1.	Medicare will choose 10 percent of applicants to receive benefits by Aug. 16.
The terrorist is suspected of being behind several deadly kidnappings and dozens of suicide attacks in Iraq.	The terrorist may have caused suicide attacks and kidnappings.
Toshiba has produced a fuel cell with no moving parts.	Toshiba has no moving parts.
Speaking outside the hospital moments after getting her child back, Ciancio said she was confident all along that the baby would be found.	Ciancio was hospitalized for speaking to the baby.
The SEC's new rule to beef up the independence of mutual fund boards represents an industry defeat.	Industries were defeated by the SEC.
Political leaders pledged that construction of the so-called Freedom Tower -- which will rise 1,776 feet into the air and be the world's tallest building -- will be finished on schedule by the end of 2008.	The Freedom Tower will be the world's tallest building.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge's order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit.	The judge approves of sex-discrimination.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments for everything from high unemployment to involvement in Iraq.	Citizens of the 25 EU nations are punished by their governments for everything.
The nine men, aged between 19 and 32, are being held at Paddington Green high security police station in central London.	between 19 and 32 men are being held at Paddington Green high security police station in central London.
The Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera reports it has received a statement and a videotape from militants.	Al-Jazeera is an Arabic-language television network.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge's order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit.	A lawsuit was filed against Wal-Mart.
Jessica Litman, a law professor at Michigan's Wayne State University, has specialized in copyright law and Internet law for more than 20 years.	Jessica Litman is a law professor.
Ralph Fiennes, who has played memorable villains in such films as 'Red Dragon' and 'Schindler's List,' is to portray Voldemort, the wicked warlock, in the next Harry Potter movie.	Ralph Fiennes will play Harry Potter in the next movie.
One of two men released early on Saturday Mohammed Dawoud, 19, of Willesden, north-west London will appear before Horseferry Road magistrates' court today charged with possession of forged identity documents, police said.	Willesden will appear before Horseferry Road magistrates' court today.
Scotland Yard has been granted two more days to question nine of the 13 men arrested in co-ordinated anti-terrorism raids across the country last Tuesday.	13 men killed in co-ordinated anti-terrorism raids across the country last Tuesday.
Suncreams designed for children could offer less protection than they claim on the bottle.	Suncreams designed for children protect at the level they advertise.
Medicare will begin paying later this year for certain oral cancer drugs and intravenous drugs that can be self-administered under a $500 million demonstration project unveiled yesterday.	Medicare will start paying users $500 million.
One of the dead was a child, passing by with his parents, said Iqrar Abbasi, a doctor at Civil Hospital Karachi.	A doctor was killed by his parents.
Time Warner is the world's largest media and Internet company.	Time Warner is the world's largest company.
After watching fireworks yesterday evening in Cedar Rapids, Kerry went to his wife's suburban Pittsburgh farm, where he was expected to hold a barbecue for supporters this afternoon.	Kerry watched fireworks.
Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday hurled an obscenity on the Senate floor to punctuate an angry exchange with Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy as all senators gathered for their annual photo.	Cheney cursed at Sen. Patrick Leahy.
Chancellor Schroeder has presided over three years of almost zero growth in the economy and an unemployment rate that has remained stubbornly above four million people.	More than four million people have remained stubbornly unemployed in the last three years.
Two bombs planted near an Islamic school in Pakistan killed eight people and injured 42 others yesterday in the latest outbreak of violence gripping the southern port of Karachi.	42 people killed in Karachi bomb attack.
