An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers	A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.	A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
Mary forgot to lock the door.	Mary locked the door.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers	Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air	There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife	A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man	No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid	A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
a bird flies	a bird flies
a bird flied	all birds fly
a bird flies	no bird flies
a bird flies	all birds do not fly
all birds fly	a bird flies
all birds fly	all birds fly
all birds fly	no bird flies
all birds fly	all birds do not fly
no bird flies	a bird flies
no bird flies	all birds fly
no bird flies	no bird flies
no bird flies	all birds do not fly
all birds do not fly	a bird flies
all birds do not fly	all birds fly
all birds do not fly	no bird flies
all birds do not fly	all birds do not fly
some guy owns a compnay	some guy owns a compnay
all guys own a compnay	all guys own a compnay
no guy owns a compnay	no guy owns a compnay
some guy owns all companies	some guy owns all companies
all guys own all companies	all guys own all companies
no guy owns all companies	no guy owns all companies
some guy does not own a compnay	some guy does not own a compnay
all guys do not own a compnay	all guys do not own a compnay
some guy owns no compnay	some guy owns no compnay
all guys own no compnay	all guys own no compnay
no guy owns no compnay	no guy owns no compnay
some guy does not own no compnay	some guy does not own no compnay
all guys do not own no compnay	all guys do not own no compnay
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around	The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
A man is cutting onion.	A woman is slicing tomato.
The Prosecutor-General explained, in a statement received by Agence France Presse, that the investigation judge's request was sent today, Monday, to the Federal Police Authority, which has the responsibility of deciding whether or not it will forward this request to the British authorities..	Indicated the Prosecutor in statement received by AFP that requested the investigative judge rose today, Monday to the Federal Court of the police dating back to the responsibility to determine whether will transform this request to the British authorities.
Heemeyer equipped an old bulldozer with three television cameras and monitors so he could see to steer.	Heemeyer had installed television cameras connected to three monitors so he could see where he was going.
The board of Marks & Spencer will take another look at Philip Green's increased takeover offer.	Philip Green tries to take over Marks & Spencer.
The woman is measuring the other woman	A woman is being measured by another woman
All genetically modified food, including soya or maize oil produced from GM soya and maize, and food ingredients, must be labelled.	Companies selling genetically modified foods don't need labels.
A Syrian-American airman accused of espionage complained about prisoner treatment at the US base in Guantanamo, Cuba.	A Syrian-American airman accused of espionage complained about prisoner treatment at the US base in Guantanamo, Cuba.
All birds fly.	Every bird flies.
Chirac calls the 2 1/2-year-old kid.	Hi dude.
Many delegates obtained results from the survey. 	Many delegates obtained interesting results from the survey.
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.	A man and woman are dancing in rain.
Both commissioners used to be leading businessmen. 	Both commissioners used to be businessmen.
The Ancient Greeks were all noted philosophers. 	Every Ancient Greek was a noted philosopher.
Neither leading tenor comes cheap. One of the leading tenors is Pavarotti.	Pavarotti is a leading tenor who comes cheap.
All Italian men want to be a great tenor. Some Italian men are great tenors. 	There are Italian men who want to be a great tenor.
The really ambitious tenors are Italian. 	There are really ambitious tenors who are Italian.
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.	A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.	A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.
His exam's grade is 80% and he works in A-B-C company that makes X_Y_Z product.	'He spent 50$', his dad said.
My email is hi@dude.com	My name is islam beltagy.
John found a solution to the problem.	John solved the problem.
SCAF dissolved the Parliament.	A dissolution of parliament happened.
The little blue ball chases the big dog.	A tall person makes a big cake.
A woman slices no vegetable.	A man plays no acoustic guitar.
There is no boy walking across a bridge	A boy is walking across a bridge
Mary locked the door.	Mary forgot to lock the door.
