The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27.5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$ 9.4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .	Baikalfinansgroup was sold to Rosneft.
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27.5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9.4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .	Yuganskneftegaz cost US$ 27.5 billion.
Loraine besides participating in Broadway's Dreamgirls, also participated in the Off-Broadway production of "Does A Tiger Have A Necktie". In 1999, Loraine went to London, United Kingdom. There she participated in the production of "RENT" where she was cast as "Mimi" the understudy.	"Does A Tiger Have A Necktie" was produced in London.
"The Extra Girl" (1923) is a story of a small-town girl, Sue Graham (played by Mabel Normand) who comes to Hollywood to be in the pictures. This Mabel Normand vehicle, produced by Mack Sennett, followed earlier films about the film industry and also paved the way for later films about Hollywood, such as King Vidor's "Show People" (1928).	"The Extra Girl" was produced by Sennett.
A bus collision with a truck in Uganda has resulted in at least 30 fatalities and has left a further 21 injured.	30 die in a bus collision in Uganda.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble. Even with a $1.8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies.	500 small companies are partners of Procter and Gamble.
After his release, the clean-shaven Magdy el-Nashar told reporters outside his home that he had nothing to do with the July 7 transit attacks, which killed 52 people and the four bombers.	52 people and four bombers were killed on July 7.
Mrs. Bush's approval ratings have remained very high, above 80%, even as her husband's have recently dropped below 50%.	80% approve of Mr. Bush.
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996, studied by Diego Pol of Ohio State University, Zulma Gasparini of Argentinas National University of La Plata, and their colleagues.	A complete Dakosaurus was discovered by Diego Pol.
On May 17, 2005, the National Assembly of Kuwait passed, by a majority of 35 to 23 (with 1 abstention), an amendment to its electoral law that would allow women to vote and to stand as parliamentary candidates.	A pro-women amendment was rejected by the National Assembly of Kuwait.
I recently took a round trip from Abuja to Yola, the capital of Adamawa State and back to Abuja, with a fourteen-seater bus.	Abuja is located in Adamawa State.
Accardo founded the Settimane Musicali Internazionali in Naples and the Cremona String Festival in 1971, and in 1996, he re-founded the Orchestra da Camera Italiana (O.C.I.), whose members are the best pupils of the Walter Stauffer Academy.	Accardo was a member of the Walter Stauffer Academy.
Airbus could site a design engineering centre in the Midlands region of the UK to take advantage of the availability of skilled engineering staff following the demise of MG Rover, the collapsed UK carmaker.	Airbus plans a design engineering centre.
Alex Dyer, spokesman for the group, stated that Santarchy in Auckland is part of a worldwide phenomenon.	Alex Dyer represents Santarchy.
As late as 1799, priests were still being imprisoned or deported to penal colonies and persecution only worsened after the French army led by General Louis Alexandre Berthier captured Rome and imprisoned Pope Pius VI, who would die in captivity in Valence, Drôme, France in August of 1799.	Alexandre Berthier died in 1799.
Cauhtemoc Cardenas said during a news conference on 7 June that the visit to Mexico by Salvadoran president Alfredo Cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people.".	Alfredo Cristiani visits Mexico on June 7.
Allen was renowned for his skill at scratch-building and creating scenery, and he pioneered the technique of weathering his models to make them look old and more realistic.	Allen introduced a new technique of creating realistic scenery.
Gastrointestinal bleeding can happen as an adverse effect of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as aspirin or ibuprofen.	Aspirin prevents gastrointestinal bleeding.
In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group. In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.	Berlinguer succeeded Natta.
Blue Mountain Lumber is a subsidiary of Malaysian forestry transnational corporation, Ernslaw One.	Blue Mountain Lumber owns Ernslaw One.
Blue Mountain Lumber said today it may have to relocate a $30 million project offshore in the wake of an Environment Court decision that blocked it from a planned development site on the Coromandel.	Blue Mountain Lumber will locate a development site on the Coromandel.
Chicago-based Boeing has already scrubbed three delivery slots in 2006 that had been booked by Air Canada.	Boeing's headquarters is in Canada.
The Kalido Technical Advisory Board members include Boris Evelson, founder and managing partner, Textra Group, Inc., and Bill Inmon, president, Inmon Data Systems.	Boris Evelson founded the Kalido Technical Advisory Board.
Bountiful arrived after war's end, sailing into San Francisco Bay 21 August 1945. Bountiful was then assigned as hospital ship at Yokosuka, Japan, departing San Francisco 1 November 1945.	Bountiful reached San Francisco in August 1945.
Bountiful arrived after war's end, sailing into San Francisco Bay 21 August 1945. Bountiful was then assigned as hospital ship at Yokosuka, Japan, departing San Francisco 1 November 1945.	Bountiful reached San Francisco on 1 November 1945.
The Prime Minister of Spain Zapatero visited Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay recently, in a effort to build a left axis in South America. The cited countries' South American Presidents agreed to collaborate at international level, particularly in the United Nations , European Union and with Paris, Berlin and Madrid.	Brazil is part of the United Nations.
Under the headline "Greed instead of quality", Germany's Die Tageszeitung says no good will come of the acquisition of the publisher Berliner Verlag by two British and US-based investment funds.	British and US-based investment funds acquire Berliner Verlag.
As much as 200 mm of rain have been recorded in portions of British Columbia , on the west coast of Canada since Monday.	British Columbia is located in Canada.
Dr Wood led a courageous and committed team in the fight to save 28 patients suffering from between two and 92 per cent body burns, deadly infections and delayed shock. As well as receiving much praise from both her own patients and the media, she also attracted controversy among other burns surgeons due to the fact that spray-on skin had not yet been subjected to clinical trials.	Burns surgeons approve Dr Wood's spray-on skin.
In announcing plans today to prepare the nation for combating a future worldwide wave of bird flu, President Bush used vocabulary and tactics that are familiar from his confrontation with global terrorism.	Bush supports global terrorism.
Scott Island was discovered and landed upon in December 1902 by Captain William Colbeck commander of the Morning, relief ship for Capt. Robert F. Scott's expedition.	Capt. Scott reached Scott Island in December 1902.
Carl Smith collided with a concrete lamp-post while skating and suffered a skull fracture that caused a coma. When he failed to regain consciousness, his parents on August 8 consented to his life support machine being turned off.	Carl Smith died on August 8.
As leaders gather in Argentina ahead of this weekends regional talks, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela's populist president, is using an energy windfall to win friends and promote his vision of 21st-century socialism.	Chávez is a follower of socialism.
Parviz Davudi was representing Iran at a meeting of the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation (SCO), the fledgling association that binds Russia, China and four former Soviet republics of central Asia together to fight terrorism.	China is a member of SCO.
A leading human rights group on Wednesday identified Poland and Romania as the likely locations in eastern Europe of secret prisons where al-Qaeda suspects are interrogated by the Central Intelligence Agency.	CIA secret prisons were located in Eastern Europe.
The car which crashed against the mail-box belonged to James Clark, 68, an acquaintance of James Jones' family.	Clark is a relative of Jones'.
Colarusso, the Dover police captain, said authorities are interested in whether their suspect made a cell phone call while he was in the Dover woman's home.	Colarusso works for Dover police.
Côte d'Ivoire, once a haven of stability in West Africa and the world's top cocoa producer, has been split in two since a failed coup against Gbagbo in September 2002, pitting rebels from the Muslim-dominated north against the Christian-populated south.	Côte d'Ivoire is located in Africa.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador.	Cristiani is accused of the assassination of six Jesuits.
The president Cristiani spoke today at the El Salvador military airport before he left for Costa Rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect Rafael Calderon Fournier.	Cristiani is the president of Costa Rica.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador.	Cristiani killed six Jesuits.
"There were 20 survivors, the majority of them are in critical condition" said Cyprian Gatete, Rwanda's assistant commissioner of police, during a telephone conversation with Reuters.	Cyprian Gatete is an employee of Reuters.
Parents also had to contribute "much more fully", while "coasting" schools would be tackled, Ms Kelly told MPs. But shadow education secretary David Cameron, who backed some ideas, said other parts were a "complete muddle".	David Cameron works as the shadow education secretary.
A former employee of the company, David Vance of South Portland, said Hooper spent a lot of time on the road, often meeting with customers between Portland and Kittery.	David Vance lives in South Portland.
James Kerr had been the foreman for the Deane, Adams and Deane gun factory. Robert Adams, one of the partners and inventor of the Adams revolver, was Kerr's cousin.	Dean invented a revolver.
Shares of O2 Plc, which this week agreed to be bought for 17.7 billion pounds ($31.3 billion) by Telefonica SA, fell after Deutsche Telekom AG said it won't make a counter offer.	Deutsche Telekom sold O2 Plc.
The BBC's Tim Franks says frustrated British diplomats insist there have been several achievements but there is no doubt that the continued delay in reaching agreement on a budget for the EU hangs over all discussions.	Diplomats agree on EU budget.
She has become world renowned for her patented invention of spray on skin for burns victims, a treatment which is continually developing. Via her research, Fiona found that scarring is greatly reduced if replacement skin could be provided within 10 days. As a burns specialist the holy grail for Dr Fiona Wood is 'scarless, woundless healing'.	Dr Fiona Wood has invented a treatment for burns victims.
The British government did not initially purchase the weapon and civilian sales were modest. However the U.S. Civil War began in 1860 and the governments of both the United States and the Confederacy began purchasing arms in Britain.	During the Civil War the government of the United States bought arms from Britain.
Edison decided to call "his" invention the Kinetoscope, combining the Greek root words "kineto" (movement), and "scopos" ("to view").	Edison invented the Kinetoscope.
"I want to go back again. But I am afraid, honestly, I am afraid. Propaganda against me made people think I am terrorist.", said el-Nashar.	El-Nashar is accused of terrorism.
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the attackers.	El-Nashar was arrested in Egypt.
The chapters voluntarily transferred their right of electing the bishop to Emperor Charles V, and Pope Clement VII gave his consent to these proceedings.	Emperor Charles V was elected by Clement VII.
The company, whose registered auditors are Deloitte and Touche, has instructed Ernst and Young to carry out a thorough review of the accounts of Eurest Support Services, a subsidiary which feeds UN peacekeepers in at least eight countries.	Eurest Support Services is a subsidiary of Ernst and Young.
Bosnia's leading Muslim daily Dnevni Avaz writes excitedly about "a sensational discovery" of "the first European pyramid" in the central town of Visoko, just north of Sarajevo.	Europe's first pyramid has been discovered near Sarajevo.
Female mosquitoes become infected with the malaria parasite when they draw blood from humans with malaria. The insects can then pass this on to other humans they bite, but do not get sick themselves.	Female mosquitoes spread malaria.
FermiLab's goal is to ensure that if a program runs and is certified on RedHat Enterprise, then it will run on the corresponding Fermi Linux LTS release. They have built Fermi Linux LTS for Fermilab's use, and that is their ultimate goal.	FermiLab created Linux LTS.
On the morning of 1 June, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN).	FMLN caused a blackout in the capital.
After graduating in 1977, Gallager chose to accept a full scholarship to play football for Temple University.	Gallager attended Temple University.
Russia's natural gas monopoly Gazprom has also shown interest in acquiring a sizable stake in the Uzbek pipeline monopoly.	Gazprom detains the Uzbek pipeline monopoly.
In addition to establishing the electoral commission, the laws also concern nationality, a contentious issue since citizenship laws were tightened to exclude one of Gbagbo's main competitors from the 2000 presidential race, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara.	Gbagbo is a competitor of Ouattara.
General Dynamics, the maker of land combat systems, warships and Gulfstream business jets, reported net earnings of $374m in the third quarter, or $1.84 per share.	General Dynamics loses $374m.
The Pet passport alone can be used to enter the UK, but it will not suffice to enter many countries. For instance Guatemala, like almost every country, demands that all imported pets have a rabies vaccination, but will not accept the Pet passport as proof of said vaccination.	Guatemala accepts the Pet passport as proof of vaccination.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the 390m (265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.	GUS sold Wehkamp.
In 1927 Harnold Lamb wrote a biography of Genghis Khan, and following on its success turned more and more to the writing of non-fiction, penning numerous biographies and history books until his death in 1962.	Harnold Lamb authored many biographies.
The Health Department has been made aware that property located at Bear Creek is under investigation by the NC Division of Waste Management for the illegal discharge of hazardous chemical materials.	Hazardous chemical materials have been discovered at Bear Creek.
Hooper, a salesman of Portland, is accused of posing as a potential home buyer on July 26, then forcing himself inside the residence and raping a 19-year-old woman.	Hooper bought a house in Portland.
A former employee of the company, David Vance of South Portland, said Hooper spent a lot of time on the road, often meeting with customers between Portland and Kittery.	Hooper is a citizen of Portland.
Hugh was also very supportive of Mustang's plan to become Fuhrer, doing whatever he can to, as he put it, to "help him from the bottom to the top.".	Hugh assisted Mustang.
Hughes loved his wife, Gracia, and was absolutely obsessed with his little daughter Elicia.	Hughes was married to Gracia.
As leaders gather in Argentina ahead of this weekends regional talks, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela's populist president is using an energy windfall to win friends and promote his vision of 21st-century socialism.	Hugo Chávez acts as Venezuela's president.
But these are only first hazards. "If the rain continues at the same magnitude and according to the forecast, then some of the rivers could reach flood stage either later [Tuesday] or Wednesday morning," said Allan Chapman, a hydrologist with the River Forecast Centre in Victoria.	Allan Chapman is employed at the River Forecast Centre.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.	In 2001, the EU introduced a passport for pets.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom. This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.	In 2001, the EU introduced a six-month compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.
In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66.	In the May 2005 general election Conservatives got 33 seats.
The US state of Kansas has ruled that science classes in public schools should include the teaching of intelligent design and the doubts it casts on Darwinian evolution.	Intelligent design supports Darwinian evolution.
Following the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel, May 14, 1948, seven Arab states entered Palestine and engaged Israeli forces.	Israeli forces attacked seven Arab states in 1948.
At the same time the Italian digital rights group, Electronic Frontiers Italy, has asked the nation's government to investigate Sony over its use of anti-piracy software.	Italy's government investigates Sony.
UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Iraqis had "shown again their determination to defy the terrorists and take part in the democratic process".	Jack Straw holds the position of UK Foreign Secretary.
The original owner, Henry Borski, opened his tavern in 1945. He later passed it on to his son Jake Borski, then it was owned by Phylis Roberts for approximately 23 years after that.	Henry Borski and Jake Borski are relatives.
According to NC Articles of Organization, the members of LLC company are H. Nelson Beavers, III, H. Chester Beavers and Jennie Beavers Stewart.	Jennie Beavers Stewart is a share-holder of Carolina Analytical Laboratory.
Jerry Reinsdorf (born February 25 1936 in Brooklyn, New York) is the owner of Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Bulls. Recently, he helped the White Sox win the 2005 World Series and, in the process, collected his seventh championship ring overall (the first six were all with the Bulls in the 1990s), becoming the third owner in the history of North American sports to win a championship in two different sports.	Jerry Reinsdorf has won 7 championships.
John and Frances Galyean are partners in life and now both share a passion for photography. The Galyeans, married for more than 46 years, have been involved in photography since 1999.	John Galyean's wife is called Frances.
Mr Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame, wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson, worked for the CIA.	Joseph Wilson is Valerie Plame's ex-husband.
Mr Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame, wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson, worked for the CIA.	Joseph Wilson worked for CIA.
Earlier this year reporter Judith Miller was jailed for refusing to name the US-government source who identified a member of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Valerie Plame.	Judith Miller is a member of CIA.
Earlier this year reporter Judith Miller was jailed for refusing to name the US-government source who identified a member of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Valerie Plame.	Judith Miller works for the US Government.
Jyestadeva (1500-1610), was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama and a student of Damodara. He is most known for writing the first calculus text, the Yuktibhasa . He also authored the Drk-karana on astronomical observations.	Jyestadeva invented calculus.
Jyestadeva (1500-1610), was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama and a student of Damodara. He is most known for writing the first calculus text, the Yuktibhasa . He also authored the Drk-karana on astronomical observations.	Jyestadeva is the author of the Yuktibhasa.
As an active member of the National Guard, he was called to duty in 1941. Although Kennon did not see active combat, he did not return home from World War II until May of 1945.	Kennon did not participate in WWII.
As an active member of the National Guard, he was called to duty in 1941. Although Kennon did not see active combat, he did not return home from World War II until May of 1945.	Kennon was part of the National Guard.
The Kinston Indians are a minor league baseball team in Kinston, North Carolina. The team, a Class A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, plays in the Carolina League.	Kinston Indians participate in the Carolina League.
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has noted that the Iraqi people turned out in large numbers to vote in the January 30 ballot.	Kofi Annan was elected in the January 30 ballot.
Swansea striker Lee Trundle has negotiated a lucrative image-rights deal with the League One club.	Lee Trundle is in business with the League One club.
Levomepromazine has prominent sedative and anticholinergic/ sympatholytic effects (dry mouth, hypotension, sinus tachycardia, extreme night sweats) and causes massive weight gain. These side effects normally do not allow to give the drug in doses needed for full remission of schizophrenia, so it has to be combined with a more potent antipsychotic.	Levomepromazine causes schizophrenia.
Live At Leeds (1970) is The Who's first live album, and indeed is their only live album that was released while the band was still recording and performing regularly.	Live At Leeds was recorded by The Who.
In June 2004, top Russian oil producer Lukoil signed a $1 billion 35-year production-sharing agreement to develop Uzbek natural gas deposits.	Lukoil earned $1 billion in 2004.
Scott's execution led to outrage in Ontario, and was largely responsible for prompting the Wolseley Expedition which forced Louis Riel, now branded a murderer, to flee the settlement.	Louis Riel assassinated Scott.
The Extra Girl (1923) is a story of a small-town girl, Sue Graham (played by Mabel Normand) who comes to Hollywood to be in the pictures. This Mabel Normand vehicle, produced by Mack Sennett, followed earlier films about the film industry and also paved the way for later films about Hollywood, such as King Vidors Show People (1928).	Mabel Normand starred in The Extra Girl.
On 21 July, the Macdonough patrolled the waters off Guam to protect the assault craft from enemy submarines, continuing that role until departing for Hawaii on 10 August. After a day at Pearl Harbor, she departed for the Admiralty Islands.	The Macdonough left Hawaii on 10 August.
The Pentagon is rejecting demands by Kyrgyzstan to pay for the past use of Manas air base, a key military facility for US aircraft flying missions to Afghanistan.	Manas air base is located in Kyrgyzstan.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas.	Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia was arrested in May.
There is no way Marlowe could legally leave Italy, especially after an arrest warrant has been issued for him by the authorities. Assisted by Zaleshoff, he succeeds in making his escape from Milan.	Marlowe supported Zaleshoff.
There is no way Marlowe could legally leave Italy, especially after an arrest warrant has been issued for him by the authorities. Assisted by Zaleshoff, he succeeds in making his escape from Milan.	Marlowe was arrested by Italian authorities.
"We are ... deploying more people into Côte d'Ivoire -- police, military people and people to work directly with the office of the prime minister" Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria.	Mbeki holds the office of Prime Minister.
Mercedes-Benz USA (MBUSA), headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, is responsible for the sales, marketing and service of all Mercedes-Benz and Maybach products in the United States.	MBUSA is based in New Yersey.
Since joining the Key to the Cure campaign three years ago, Mercedes-Benz has donated over $2 million toward finding new detection methods, treatments and cures for women's cancers.	Mercedez-Benz supports the Key to the Cure campaign.
Airbus could site a design engineering centre in the Midlands region of the UK to take advantage of the availability of skilled engineering staff following the demise of MG Rover, the collapsed UK carmaker.	MG Rover has been bought by Airbus.
ASCAP is a membership association of more than 200,000 U.S. composers, songwriters, lyricists and music publishers of every kind of music.	More than 200,000 U.S. composers, songwriters, lyricists and music publishers are members of ASCAP.
The drug dealers from Morro da Rocinha are in a war against drug dealers from the neighbouring Vidigal favela.	Morro da Rocinha is near the Vidigal favela.
U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema accepted would-be hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui's guilty pleas on six charges of conspiracy laid against him for his plotting to participate in the Sept. 11 attacks . Moussaoui, who had to be restrained at one point during the trial in an Alexandria, Virginia courthouse, was polite and quiet during the day's appearance.	Moussaoui participated in the Sept. 11 attacks.
In the two weeks since his death, police have been posted outside the Beijing home where Mr. Zhao spent his last 15 years under house arrest and where hundreds have been assembling to pay tribute. Agents have been turning many of the mourners away.	Mr. Zhao died in Beijing.
Unfortunately, a visit from Mrs Hobday, causes Mr Browne to leave for London.	Mrs Hobday departs London.
In conversations with Ms. Robbins, it is understood that Armstrong Environmental Inc. has been retained by past or present owners or some combination of these parties.	Ms Robbins is a co-owner of Armstrong Environmental Inc.
A light blue 1975 Ford Escort GL once owned by Pope John Paul II sold for $690,000 Saturday to a Houston multimillionaire who said he plans to put it in a museum he wants to build in his hometown.	A Houston multimillionaire buys the Pope's Ford Escort.
A strong supporter of the "Italian road to socialism", he was close to Enrico Berlinguer, and gained a position in the party secretariat. In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group. In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.	Natta supported Italian Socialism.
In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group. In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.	Natta supported the Manifesto group.
According to Nelson Beavers, who is a co-owner of the current company, Carolina Analytical Laboratories, LLC. and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofins, the septic system was installed in the early 1990s.	Nelson Beavers is one of the owners of Carolina Analytical Laboratories.
According to Nelson Beavers, who is a co-owner of the current company, Carolina Analytical Laboratories, LLC. and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofins, the septic system was installed in the early 1990s.	Nelson Beavers worked for Eurofins.
Côte d'Ivoire's President Laurent Gbagbo promulgated new election laws on July 14, including the creation of an independent electoral commission to oversee the presidential vote, which is slated for October 30.	New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on July 14.
Côte d'Ivoire's President Laurent Gbagbo promulgated new election laws on July 14, including the creation of an independent electoral commission to oversee the presidential vote, which is slated for October 30.	New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on October 30.
Nival was founded in 1996 by Sergey Orlovskiy. In early 2005, the company was bought by Ener1 Group, a Florida-based holdings company, for around US$10 million.	Nival was sold in 2005.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies.	Nokia produces mobile chips.
Last year's collapse of Italian dairy company Parmalat , with "14.3 billion euros that must still be accounted for", is given as evidence for "a lack of effective tools and controls regarding financial operations".	Parmalat costs 14.3 billion euros.
Councilman Pierce had built the home for his daughter on E. 28th Street off Rossville Blvd, as he lives nearby.	Pierce lives near Rossville Blvd.
Councilman Pierce had built the home for his daughter on E. 28th Street off Rossville Blvd, as he lives nearby.	Pierce lives on E. 28th Street.
As late as 1799, priests were still being imprisoned or deported to penal colonies and persecution only worsened after the French army led by General Louis Alexandre Berthier captured Rome and imprisoned Pope Pius VI, who would die in captivity in Valence, Drôme, France in August of 1799.	Pope Pius VI died in France.
South African President Thabo Mbeki, the main mediator in Côte d'Ivoire's peace process, said on Sunday that Pretoria is heightening its intervention in the West African nation to pave the way for elections later this year.	Pretoria is located in Côte d'Ivoire.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble. Even with a $1.8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies.	Procter and Gamble spends $1.8 billion for Research and Development.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas.	Professor Ochoa Garcia is a member of the Salvadoran government.
Animals are permitted to enter the UK 6 months later without quarantine as long as they have been treated for ticks, fleas and tapeworms between 24 and 48 hours before boarding the transport that will return the pets to the UK.	Quarantine is compulsory for animals to enter the UK.
The president Cristiani spoke today at the El Salvador military airport before he left for Costa Rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect Rafael Calderon Fournier.	Rafael Calderon Fournier has been elected president of Costa Rica.
From 1016 to 1030 the Normans were pure mercenaries, serving either Byzantines or Lombards, and then Sergius of Naples, by installing their leader Rainulf in the fortress of Aversa in 1030, gave them their first pied-à-terre and they began an organized conquest of the land.	Rainulf was the leader of the Normans.
Five years later, Rennyo returned to the Kyoto area, establishing new Honganji branch temples. During this time, he established a new form of liturgy (gongyo), incorporating elements that would eventually become the core of Honganji Shinshu Buddhism.	Rennyo founded Honganji Shinshu Buddhism.
Forced to flee attack again in 1471 Rennyo travelled to Yoshizaki, where he built a popular temple which attracted many peasant converts from the region.	Rennyo reached Yoshizaki in 1471.
State Police issued bulletins via teletype requesting patrols to be on the lookout for Robert Senacal, 35, of Cortlandt Manor.	Robert Senacal was arrested by police.
Centre-left voters in Italy have chosen Romano Prodi as the candidate who will challenge Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in next year's election. The former European Commission president and Italian PM won 73.5% of votes, according to partial results of primaries.	Romano Prodi wins Italian primaries.
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27.5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9.4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft.	Rosneft belonged to the Russian State.
A former FBI special agent, Rowley, and Becky Lourey, whose son was killed in Iraq, will leave for Texas on Thursday and camp at the site for a few days.	Rowley and Lourey are relatives.
George Hawi's assassination came on the heels of the conclusion of the last round of parliamentary elections, which saw a coalition of opposition candidates led by Saad Hariri, son of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafik Hariri , capture a majority of seats.	Saad Hariri was elected Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Saddam Hussein accepted an 11th-hour offer to flee into exile weeks ahead of the U.S.-led 2003 invasion, but Arab League officials scuttled the proposal, officials in this Gulf state claimed.	Saddam Hussein flees to the U.S.
They named themselves for Saint Joan of Arc. The brigade began with 17 women, but soon grew to 135 members. Its mission was to obtain money, weapons, provisions, and information for the combatant men. Many smuggled weapons into the combat zones by carrying them in carts filled with grain or cement.	Saint Joan of Arc's brigade got weapons for combatants.
Scott Stevens, the Idaho meteorologist who claimed that a weather manipulating conspiracy (possibly under the control of Japanese Yakuza mafia) caused Hurricane Katrina, has quit his job at KPVI-TV in Pocatello.	Scott Stevens has connections with the Yakuza.
Scott's execution led to outrage in Ontario, and was largely responsible for prompting the Wolseley Expedition, which forced Louis Riel, now branded a murderer, to flee the settlement.	Scott's execution caused the Wolseley Expedition.
State Police issued bulletins via teletype requesting patrols to be on the lookout for Robert Senacal, 35, of Cortlandt Manor.	Senacal resides in Cortland Manor.
So far Sony BMG has not released a list of how many of its CDs are protected or how many have been sold.	Sony BMG sells protected CDs.
Southwest Airlines on Thursday said rebuilding service at New Orleans was its number one priority as it unveiled its 58th consecutive quarterly profit and enhanced fuel hedges to extend its competitive advantage over rivals.	Southwest Airlines operates in New Orleans.
Carmine Rocco, Health Director was contacted in June by Sue Robbins, Division of Waste Management, to advise him that she would be in the county to conduct a site visit to the former Woodson-Tenent Laboratory.	Sue Robbins visits the former Woodson-Tenent Laboratory.
In 1869 Sumner resigned his see, but continued to live at the official residence at Farnham until his death on the 15th of August 1874.	Sumner died at Farnham.
Paralysis was followed by aphasia, and after acute pain, followed by a long period of apathy, from which death relieved Swift in October 1745.	Swift died in 1745.
Swift was offered and accepted the post of secretary and chaplain to the Earl of Berkeley, one of the Lords Justices, but when he reached Ireland he found that the secretaryship had been given to another.	Swift worked for the Earl of Berkeley.
Prior to that, Andy Sipowicz began to date Assistant District Attorney Sylvia Costas. They got married in 1995 and had a son Theo in 1996.	Sylvia Costas is the wife of Andy Sipowicz.
The south Indian flute had only seven finger holes till the 1970s when the legendary T.R. Mahalingam introduced the eight holed variety.	T.R. Mahalingham made the first seven holed flute.
New research shows there has been a sharp increase in disfiguring skin cancers, particularly in women under the age of 40, providing more evidence that young people are not heeding warnings about the dangers of tanning.	Tanning may cause skin cancers.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies.	Texas Instruments produces mobile phones.
The Auburn High School Athletic Hall of Fame recently introduced its Class of 2005 which includes 10 members.	The Auburn High School Athletic Hall of Fame has ten members.
In 1955, the Aurora Borealis, a coating applied to crystal stones to produce a "rainbow of colors" effect was introduced.	The Aurora Borealis was discovered in 1995.
According to COPREFA, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite Bracamonte Battalion on a highway in central El Salvador.	The Bracamonte Battalion was attacked by guerrillas.
The Bolan Pass is a gap through the Toba Kakar Range of mountains on the border of Pakistan. The British took the threat of a Russian invasion of India via the Khyber and Bolan Passes very seriously so in 1837, a British envoy was sent to Kabul to gain support of the Emir, Dost Mohammed. In February of 1839, the British Army under Sir John Keane took 12,000 men through the Bolan Pass and entered Kandahar.	The British Army crossed the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in 1839.
The Canadian parliament's Ethics Commission said former immigration minister, Judy Sgro, did nothing wrong and her staff had put her into a conflict of interest.	The Canadian parliament's Ethics Commission accuses Judy Sgro.
The Counts of Holland and Geldern, between whose territories the lands of the Bishops of Utrecht lay, also sought to acquire influence over the filling of the episcopal see. This often led to disputes and consequently the Holy See frequently interfered in the election.	The Counts of Holland supported the Holy See.
The end result says that 61.6% of the Dutch people vote (against) the European Constitution, while 38.4% voted (for) the Constitution.	The Dutch people approve the European Constitution.
The land claims agreement must still be approved by the Canadian House of Commons , but has already passed through the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador.	The House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador vote against the land claims agreement.
Chicago White Sox Charities also provides annual ongoing support to programs such as Special Olympics and the Inner City Little League.	The Inner City Little League is sponsored by Chicago White Sox Charities.
Since the island also lacks wells, water has to be obtained from rain carefully collected in concrete cisterns.	The island gets water from collected rain.
In Italy, big protests by students and university staff against government reforms to higher education brought parts of central Rome to a standstill on Tuesday.	The Italian government introduces reforms to higher education.
The bus, which was heading for Nairobi in Kenya , crashed in the Kabale district of Uganda near the Rwandan border.	The Kabale district borders on Rwanda.
The Kakhovskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro. Currently it is the only line that exists outside the ring. It is the shortest line in Moscow. Although the line was formed in 1995, the stations date to 1969 when they were opened as part of the Zamoskvoretskaya Line.	The Kakhovskaya Line was built in 1995.
The pet passport is a pink A4 sheet which contains the microchip number and certification that the dog has a rabies vaccination, and needs to be signed by a veterinary surgeon who has LVI status. The passport is not to be confused with the much smaller purple folder routinely issued by vets which records the complete vaccination history of the pet.	The pet passport contains the complete vaccination history of pets.
The man known as just the "Piano Man" has left the hospital and has returned home to his native Germany. According to British tabloids, the man, after losing his job in Paris, travelled to the UK through the Channel Tunnel.	The "Piano Man" came from Germany.
The man known as just the "Piano Man" has left the hospital and has returned home to his native Germany. According to British tabloids, the man, after losing his job in Paris, travelled to the UK through the Channel Tunnel.	The "Piano Man" worked for a British tabloid.
Traditionally, the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law and order situation through the Pass area. This tribe is still living in present day Balochistan in Pakistan.	The Raisani tribe resides in Pakistan.
The Armed Forces Press Committee (COPREFA) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.	Three rebels were killed by government troops.
Four US cable companies, including industry leaders Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable, have entered the fast-growing wireless arena through a joint venture with Sprint Nextel.	Time Warner Cable is a partner of Sprint Nextel.
A computer system failure closed down share trading at the Tokyo Stock Exchange for most of yesterday, the worst disruption to date for Asia's largest bourse.	The Tokyo Stock Exchange was closed down by computer system failure.
Tom Online revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2005 were US$42.78 mn, an increase of 38.5% over the same period in 2004.	Tom Online earned US$42.78 mn in three months.
Tom Online revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2005 were US$42.78 mn, an increase of 38.5% over the same period in 2004.	Tom Online revenues have risen by 38.5%.
Anglo/Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, Total, of France, and Spain's Repsol were all named as examples of established oil companies involved in the oil-for-food programme before surcharges began in 2001.	Total participated in the oil-for-food programme.
Violence over the last week killed 23 people, two worshippers dragged from a mosque and shot, underlining the challenges of bringing stability and strengthening Afghanistan's fledgling democracy.	Two worshippers were killed in Afghanistan.
A senior Russian politician has hailed a decision by Uzbekistan to shut down a United States military base there, although Moscow officially denies that it is applying pressure on Central Asian states to expel American forces.	Uzbekistan closes United States military base.
The decision by Uzbekistan was the latest development in diplomatic fallout with Washington over U.S. criticism about a violent crackdown against anti-government protestors last May.	Uzbekistan protests against Washington.
Vance used to be Hooper's supervisor, he said, but was let go several months ago.	Vance worked with Hooper.
Vera Beers, of Olivet, recently was named employee of the month at Standard Printing in Marshall.	Vera Beers works for Olivet.
Vera Beers, of Olivet, recently was named employee of the month at Standard Printing in Marshall.	Vera Beers works for Standard Printing.
The activists had been imprisoned in relation to their protest in the main square of Krakow , Poland, against the presence of Vladimir Putin at the ceremonies for the 60th anniversary of the freeing of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.	Vladimir Putin participated in the ceremonies for the freeing of the Auschwitz Birkenau concentration camp.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the 390m (265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.	Wehkamp was based in the UK.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the €390m (£265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.	Wehkamp cost €390m.
White supported Gough Whitlam's Labor government of 1972 to 1975, and after Whitlam was ousted in the 1975 constitutional crisis, became particularly anti-royalist.	White assisted the Labor government from 1972 to 1975.
Around this time, White decided that he would not accept any more prizes for his work. He declined both the $10,000 Britannia Award and another Miles Franklin Award.	White got the $10,000 Britannia Award.
In 1975, a 19 year old Wilkins was handed the captaincy of Chelsea, despite the presence of elder and more experienced players in the squad.	Wilkins became the captain of Chelsea in 1975.
Though Wilkins and his family settled quickly in Italy, it wasn't a successful era for Milan, and Wilkins was allowed to leave in 1987 to join French outfit Paris Saint-Germain.	Wilkins departed Milan in 1987.
Kuwait becomes the fourth Gulf country where women as well as men can vote in elections. Saudi Arabia holds strictly limited, male-only elections.	Women can vote in elections in Saudi Arabia.
The fifth World Social Forum (WSF) has kicked off in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul state, Brazil.	The WSF takes place in Brazil.
US President George W. Bush has indicated he will invite Abbas to the United States for talks, something he never did with Abbas's predecessor, the late Yasser Arafat .	Yasser Arafat succeeded Abbas.
Zapatero visited the following cities in four days: Brasilia, São Paulo, Buenos Aires and Santiago de Chile. According to official sources these visits are the last part of the project he began at the EU-Latin American Summit in Guadalajara, Mexico and pursued in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa Rica in November.	Zapatero participated in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa Rica.
Some large Russian oil companies, including Lukoil, Zarubezhneft, the state-owned oil company, and Alpha Eco, the trader, were implicated by the report.	Zarubezhneft trades in oil.
Zhao was removed from his position as secretary general of the Communist Party of China and placed under house arrest in 1989 after denouncing the use of force against student protesters in Tiananmen Square.	Zhao was a member of the Communist Party.
Zhao, who died at 85, was a reformer who was removed from office, and imprisoned, in 1989 after denouncing the use of force against student protesters in Tiananmen Square.	Zhao was arrested in 1989.
Though fearful of a forthcoming performance evaluation by her boss, Zoe must unravel the life of a man just found dead of a heart attack, who was supposed to have died three years earlier in a boating accident.	Zoe died in a boating accident.
In 1856 Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla was elected deputy, and soon attracted notice among the most advanced Progressists and Democrats. He took part in the revolutionary propaganda that led to the military movement in Madrid on June 22, 1866. He had to take refuge in France for two years, like his fellow-conspirators, and only returned to Spain when the revolution of 1868 took place.	Zorrilla started the revolution of 1868.
"Child labor" is, generally speaking, work for children that harms them or exploits them in some way (physically, mentally, morally, or by blocking access to education).	Child labor is widely used in Asia.
"Glue sniffing" is most common among teenagers. They generally grow out of it once other drugs such as alcohol and cannabis become available to them. Seven-year-olds have been known to start "glue sniffing". Because of the social stigma attached to "glue sniffing" most snifters stop around 16 or 17 years, unless they are seriously addicted.	Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
A decision to allow the exiled Italian royal family to return to Italy may be granted amid the discovery that the head of the family, Prince Vittorio Emmanuele, addressed the president of Italy properly. He has called President Ciampi "our president, the president of all Italians".	Italian royal family returns home.
A former philosophy teacher whose best-known novel, Sophie's World, was a surprise international best-seller.	Sophie's World is a best seller.
A large proportion of young children in Ukraine suffer from various health problems that have probably gone undiagnosed until now, but which are being detected in connection with the Chernobyl disaster. This could well point to a weak health care system and harsh living conditions.	Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside ex-USSR.
A powerful typhoon battered the northern and central Philippines with rains and winds Thursday, killing at least three people and cutting off roads. Authorities canceled flights and ferry service and shut down schools. Typhoon Xangsane, packing winds of 81 mph made landfall overnight in the Bicol central region and was forecast to pass through the capital Manila, the Philippine weather bureau said.	A typhoon batters the Philippines.
A radiation leak at a nuclear power plant in Yeonggwang, South Jeolla province, led officials yesterday to shut down the facility.	The nuclear power plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme. The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle.	The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
A suicide attack is an attack in which the attacker or attackers intend to kill others and intend to die in the process (see suicide). In a suicide attack in the strict sense the attacker dies by the attack itself, for example in an explosion or crash caused by the attacker.	People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
A unique feature of previous Ebola outbreaks has been the relative sparing of children. For the first time, an out break of an unusual illness-Ebola haemorrhagic fever occurred in Northern Uganda - Gulu district.	Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Accompanied by Sioux prayers and the keening of Scottish bagpipes, a plain cotton shirt was returned to South Dakota this past summer.	A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Actor Christopher Reeve, best known for his role as Superman, is paralyzed and cannot breathe without the help of a respirator after breaking his neck in a riding accident in Culpeper, Va., on Saturday.	Christopher Reeve had an accident.
After years of study, the Vatican's doctrinal congregation has sent church leaders a confidential document concluding that "sex-change" procedures do not change a person's gender in the eyes of the church.	Sex-change operations become more common.
Although the number of the confirmed Ebola cases has risen slightly to 26 in Gabon and to 16 in Congo Brazzaville, new infections are now so low that it seems the epidemic is "burning out".	Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Anna Politkovskaya was found shot dead on Saturday in a lift at her block of flats in the Russian capital, Moscow.	Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Anti-nuclear protesters on Wednesday delayed the progress of a shipment of radioactive waste toward a dump in northern Germany. The train stopped for the fourth time since crossing into Germany as it neared the northern town of Lueneburg.	Nuclear waste transport delayed in Germany.
Arlene Blum is a legendary trailblazer by any measure. Defying the climbing establishment of the 1970s, she led the first teams of women on successful ascents of Mt. McKinley and Annapurna, and was the first American woman to attempt Mt. Everest. In her long, adventurous career, she has played a leading role in more than twenty expeditions and forged a place for women in the perilous arena of high-altitude mountaineering.	A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Around 130 flights were cancelled during a strike held on 19 January, and others were cancelled in the days that followed. When the flight assistants announced a further 24-hour for 23 January, the Italian Guarantee Authority (Commissione di Garanzia) which regulates strikes in essential public services (under the terms of laws no. 194/1990 and no. 83/2000) (IT0004266F) accused the unions of breaching the legal provision that 10 days must elapse between one strike and the next.	Italian flight assistants go on strike.
As parties adapt to these new conditions, new definitions - replete with new assumptions about their functions - are likely to shape the ongoing debate about their roles and functions in the 21st century.	Several new political parties emerged.
As the terms denoting this allowance vary, it may sometimes remain unclear whether fathers have any entitlements at all, and if so, to what exactly they are entitled.	Maternity leave varies in Europe.
Asia has the highest number of child workers, but Sub-Saharan Africa has the highest proportion of working children relative to population.	Child labor is widely used in Asia.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on Sri Lanka's army headquarters, while the head of the army has been seriously injured. Lt Gen Sarath Fonseka is said to be in a stable condition after surgery in Colombo, where the attack happened. The military has blamed Tamil Tiger rebels for the attack and launched air strikes on their positions in the east.	People were killed in suicide attacks.
Athletics' governing body, the IAAF, last week cleared Ottey of accusations of steroid use and lifted a two-year ban after their arbitration panel said the IOC-accredited lab in Lausanne improperly tested Ottey's urine sample.	Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Based on a worldwide study of smoking-related fire and disaster data, UC Davis epidemiologists show smoking is a leading cause of fires and death from fires globally.	Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Between March and June, scientific observers say, up to 300,000 seals are killed. In Canada, seal-hunting means jobs, but opponents say it is vicious and endangers the species, also threatened by global warming.	Hunting endangers seal species.
Both sides have a point. German spelling does need overhauling: over the decades, it has grown more unwieldy. But the reform, approved by German-speaking countries in 1996, does not make the rules much easier, and in some cases the new way is harder.	A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
British mountaineer Alison Hargreaves becomes the first woman to climb Mount Everest alone and without oxygen tanks.	A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Busby countered, telling The Iconoclast, the point is that material from Chernobyl which is 1,800 miles to the east of Great Britain traveled to Great Britain and contaminated Wales, Scotland, and various parts of the United Kingdom. And they might as well have said that it was equally unfeasible for it to travel that distance in the opposite direction to the general flow of the wind, but we have examined computer Models of wind directions over the period of the Gulf War and its quite clear the material from Iraq could have come through the United Kingdom because of the particular types of depressions and anticyclone systems that were there.	The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
Carelessness by contractors is a common cause of fire, including many fires that result in serious financial loss. It has been estimated that perhaps 20-25% of all non-domestic fires result from 'on-going work', such as refurbishment, repair and construction.	Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Castro's successful visits to Harlem and the Bronx, his speech to the United Nations General Assembly, and the October 21 march of 3,000 against U.S. policy and subsequent picket lines at Cuba's UN mission in defense of the revolution - all these events dealt blows to the U.S. government's unceasing efforts to isolate and slander Cuba.	Castro visits the UN.
Catastrophic floods in Europe endanger lives and cause human tragedy as well as heavy economic losses.	Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
China's announcement of a rival Panchen Lama to the boy already recognized by the Dalai Lama are indications that its Communist regime is desperate in using any means possible to strengthen control over Tibet and Tibetan affairs.	Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
Chirac needed a new mandate for his government from the electorate, or a new left government was needed that could count on the support of the trade union bureaucracy and among the working class and so would encounter less resistance.	Parliamentary elections create new government in France.
Christopher Reeve, an actor and director who became an inspiration worldwide after being paralyzed in a horse riding accident, died Sunday of heart failure.	Christopher Reeve had an accident.
Claes denied categorically that they had ever known of the existence of an Agusta proposal, and told the NATO ambassadors that he did not know anything about an Agusta payment to the Socialist Party.	NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
Claes was foreign minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1994, and secretary general of NATO from 1994 until 1995, when he was forced to resign because of allegations of corruption related to improper contracts for Agusta helicopters approved by him while he was minister of economic affairs. For that he also lost his civil rights for numerous years.	NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
Climate change is with us. A decade ago, it was conjecture. Now the future is unfolding before our eyes. Canada's Inuit see it in disappearing Arctic ice and permafrost.	Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace.	People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
Commander Thomas Karremans, who was in charge of Dutch troops in Srebrenica at the time, was filmed drinking a toast with war-crimes suspect and Serb general Ratko Mladic.	Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Cosmonaut Sergei Avdeyev, currently on board the Mir space station, has become the person with the longest total stay in space. He has clocked up 681 days.	Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Cuban Leader Fidel Castro sent a letter to United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan assuring him that Cuba will follow anti-terrorism treaties in the wake of last month's terrorist attacks against New York and Washington.	Castro visits the UN.
Dana Reeve, the widow of the actor Christopher Reeve, has died of lung cancer at age 44, according to the Christopher Reeve Foundation.	Christopher Reeve had an accident.
David Millar retained his Tour de France leader's yellow jersey despite crashing in the final two kilometres of the third stage of the race to Nantes.	Tour de France winner is likely to lose the crown.
Diana, Princess of Wales died on Sunday, 31 August 1997 following a car crash in Paris. There was widespread public mourning at the death of this popular figure, culminating with her funeral at Westminster Abbey on Saturday, 6 September 1997.	Lady Diana died in Paris.
Digging in the badlands of east central Utah on a tip from a repentant poacher, researchers have unearthed the fossil remains of a dinosaur "missing link".	Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
Domestic fire incidents have an important impact on population health by contributing to early death, serious and often disfiguring injuries, and ongoing disability. Fire-related injury is a leading cause of unintentional injury in the home in all age groups.	Domestic fires are a major cause of unintentional injury in the home.
Ebola haemorrhagic fever is a fatal disease caused by a new virus which has no known cure. When a new epidemic was detected in Zaire in the spring of 1995, it was widely perceived as a threat to the West. Public attention was intense.	Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Ecuador has received short shrift in U.S. policy debates. Yet in recent years, significant public debate has taken place in Ecuador on the joint U.S./Colombian initiative and its effects on Ecuador and its citizens.	Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
Elsewhere, Mozambique took its first ever Olympic gold medal when Maria Mutola won the women's eight-hundred metres, while the men's ten-thousand-metres went to the Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie.	The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
English has been written using the Latin alphabet since around the ninth century. (Before that, Old English had been written using the Anglo-Saxon Futhorc.) The spelling system or orthography of English is historical, not phonological.	A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
Estimates vary widely, but it is believed there are up to 100 million children toiling in homes, factories, shops, fields, brothels and on the streets of rural and urban India.	Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Europe's economic environment has altered considerably over the last thirty years, and the economies of European countries have progressively opened up to the global economy. As a result, the competitiveness of the European economies is dependent not just on production costs, but also on the performance of pension and social security systems guaranteeing security for the future.	National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Everest Grand Circle Expedition, Nepal and Tibet. First circumambulation of Everest; trekking, skiing, and mountaineering. First American winter ascent of Pumori (elev. 23,422'). Immortalized in the book Everest Grand Circle. Ned Gillette, Jan Reynolds, Jim Bridwell, Steve McKinney, Craig Calonica and Rick Barker.	A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Every year Israel jails individuals simply because they refuse to perform military service for reasons of conscience.	People are willing to risk imprisonment rather than perform military service.
Every year, about a quarter of all children sustain an injury serious enough to require medical attention, school absences, and/or bed rest.	Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
Ewald, now 74, headed the East German Sports Federation from 1961 to 1988. He was found guilty of making 142 East German sportswomen, mostly swimmers and athletes, take banned performance-enhancing drugs.	Several sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Fake prehistoric rock art of a caveman with a shopping trolley has been hung on the walls of the British Museum.	Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
Fiona North, Ophthalmic Adviser with the SHSSB added: Eye injuries caused by fireworks are extremely serious and can permanently damage eyesight. I would urge those who are co-ordinating efficient firework displays to use appropriate eye protection.	Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
First Canadian and then Dutch peacekeepers were deployed in Srebrenica. Seven hundred and fifty lightly armed UN peace-keepers were responsible for disarming Srebrenica's Muslim defenders and "deterring" Bosnian Serb attacks against the safe area. Two years later, a Serb flag flew where the UN's once did and 7,079 Muslim men were missing.	Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Floods are one of Europe's most widespread disasters. Major flooding has occurred nearly every year somewhere on our continent during the last few decades.	Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
For example, the fields of Western farmers feed the United States and many other parts of the world, and India's irrigation systems have enabled that country to be self-sufficient in food production since 1974. In addition, in many parts of the world dams have helped to remedy life-threatening problems such as poverty from lack of economic development, famine as a result of drought, devastation from floods, and continued disease from lack of potable water supplies.	Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
For women earning 22,000 a year, the total pay accumulated after six months maternity leave would be just 5,300 in the UK and 5,850 in Ireland. Entitlements in Germany would also be relatively low, at 5,900, along with those in France, Spain and the Netherlands, all at 6,750. At the other end of the scale, pay received after six months leave in Italy would be 9,150 while in Denmark and Norway it would be as much as 11,000.	Maternity leave varies in Europe.
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia. The likes of Daewoo, Ford, Renault, and more can't produce fast enough.	European cars sell in Russia.
France is the only country with two fully governmental elections. Parliamentary elections in France, when they create a new parliamentary majority, lead to a new government.	Parliamentary elections may lead to a new government in France.
Fujimori charged that on January 26, 1995, Ecuador fired the first shot, an allegation denied by Ecuador's leader, Sixto Duran-Ballen. Predictably, each side blamed the other for starting the 1995 conflict, just as each pointed the finger of guilt to the other for provoking the border war of 1941, when Peru took most of the 120,000 square miles in contention between the two countries.	President Fujimori was re-elected in 1995.
Glue-sniffing and other forms of solvent abuse are being overlooked in the fight against drugs, according to a new report.	Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Since the ancient Greeks, inhalation has been recognized as a highly effective means of ingesting drugs. The extensive capillary surface area of the lungs allows rapid absorption, with a subsequent "rush" that has often been described as second in intensity only to intravenous injection.	Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Greece objects to the neighbouring Skopje government using the name Macedonia, saying it implies claims on a Greek province of the same name.	Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
His (or her) mandate is always to form a coalition based on a majority in the Dutch Parliament and a general agreement on policy ('regeerakkoord'). During a formation parties barter, letting go of some goals to achieve others.	Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
His group's recently developed computer program, which provides group intelligence for a swarm of mini-robots to rapidly pin-point a source of contagion, can also be used by a group of humans carrying minicomputers, global positioning receivers, and simple radio equipment to find a skier buried in whiteness.	Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
Hubble is helping astronomers precisely calculate the age of the universe by providing accurate distances to galaxies, an important prerequisite for calculating age. Hubble measures the distances to neighboring galaxies by finding accurate "milepost markers," a special class of pulsating star called Cepheid variables. These, in turn, are being used to calibrate more remote milepost markers.	Hubble discovers black holes.
If you have an immediate problem with ice dams, you should remove the snow from the part of the roof directly above the ice dam. This limits the amount of water that can collect behind the dam.	Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
In 1979, the very first cases of AIDS appeared in New York. Cases of the disease that had never been seen prior to 1979, but is now considered more deadly than the bubonic plague, continued to surface in California and New York, almost exclusively in homosexual men.	AIDS spreads in Africa.
In 1999, Victor Conte was sent two vials of a new drug by a chemist he knew and he started giving it to some of his clients. Including says Conte, one of Americas most iconic sportswomen, Marion Jones, who was about to compete in the 2000 Sydney Olympics.	Sportswomen have been suspected of doping.
In Bosnia, diplomatic determination combined with military muscle to create an opportunity to secure a peace rather than permit instability to undermine this fragile region and U.S. interests.	The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
In Britain, they channel their energies into gardening and riding. In Holland, they travel by bicycle to prove that they are of the people. But, conforming to a national stereotype, the Italian royal family, exiled from their homeland for 60 years, prefer fast cars and beautiful women.	Italian royal family returns home.
In February of 1995, one man single-handedly bankrupted the bank that financed the Napoleonic Wars. Founded in 1762, Barings Bank was Britain's oldest merchant bank and Queen Elizabeth's personal bank.	Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
In November 1990, the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991. Several new parties emerged, including the Democratic Republican Movement (MDR), the Liberal Party (LP), the Democratic and Socialist Party (PSD), and the Coalition for the Defense of the Republic (CDR).	Several new political parties emerged.
In November 2005, the EU announced a partial suspension of the PCA with all subcommittees and the Cooperation Committee suspended indefinitely. An arms embargo has also put in place, whilst a year-long visa ban has been imposed upon 12 Uzbek officials believed to have played a part in the forcible suppression of the Andijan demonstrations.	The EU partially refuses commission candidates.
In the history of art, prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate cultures (prehistory), beginning somewhere in very late geological history.	Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
In this respect, the reforms required across Europe are similar: stronger incentives within pension systems to delay retirement, rules which facilitate gradual retirement, incentives for workers to save for their retirement, and public information measures to improve awareness of the options available.	National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
It also raised questions about the quality of financial regulation in Singapore, where derivatives losses run up by former trader Nick Leeson led to the 1995 collapse of Barings Plc.	Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
It is estimated that the disaster resulting from the deliberate crash of a Jumbo-Jet on a nuclear power station would be a multiple of the Chernobyl accident in the worst case by a factor of 60.	The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
It was difficult to assess the objectives behind increased militia activity in East Timor, but its intent seemed to be to continue a pattern of violence against civilians and the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) in order to undermine the transition process, Hedi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, told the Security Council this morning.	Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
Italian director Federico Fellini was older than his American peers at his first nomination and, like other foreigners, had not been nominated for his earlier masterworks, "La Strada" and "Nights of Cabiria", though both films had won the Best Foreign-Language Picture in 1956 and 1957, respectively. Fellini later received an Honorary Oscar in 1993, which was basically a compensatory gesture.	An Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Italian film-maker, Fellini was awarded an honorary Oscar for lifetime achievement. He died on October 31, 1993.	An Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Italy's highest court has upheld a court verdict that partially cleared former Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti of having colluded with the Mafia.	Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Jill Pilgrim, general counsel of USA Track and Field, brought up the issue during a panel on women's sports at the sports lawyers conference. Pilgrim said the law regarding who is legally considered a woman is changing as sex-change operations become more common.	Sex-change operations become more common.
Kieslowski later said that he abandoned documentary filmmaking due to two experiences: the censorship of Workers '71, which caused him to doubt whether truth could be told literally under an authoritarian regime, and an incident during the filming of Station (1981) in which some of his footage was nearly used as evidence in a criminal case. He decided that fiction not only allowed more artistic freedom, but could portray everyday life more truthfully.	Kieslowski is a director.
Last week, saw the fall of the Dutch right wing coalition government, made up of the Christian-democrats (CDA) led by Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende, the right wing liberal party (VVD) and the so-called left-liberal D66.	Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
LISBON, Jan. 22 (Xinhuanet) -- Anibal Cavaco Silva, a former prime minister, won Portugal's presidential election on Sunday.	New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
Macedonia seems confident it can weather the storm, but some fear Athens may soon take things up a notch.	Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Medium-size black holes actually do exist, according to the latest findings from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, but scientists had to look in some unexpected places to find them. The previously undiscovered black holes provide an important link that sheds light on the way in which black holes grow.	Hubble discovers black holes.
Mental health problems in children and adolescents are on the rise, the British Medical Association has warned, and services are ill-equipped to cope.	Mental health problems increase in the young.
Most people are familiar with the idea of St. Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts. Robots might also take part in search and rescue missions.	Robots are used to find missing victims.
Mozambique's Maria Mutola and Israel's Alex Averbukh produced the best performances of the year, in the women's 800 metres and men's pole vault, at the Super Grand Prix in Madrid on Saturday.	The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
Mr Gregory's conclusion in 1994 was that the ceremony, transferred to the more convenient nearest Sunday, was dying out. However, that year the Conservative government proclaimed "festivities" to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings.	50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
NASA's two Great Observatories, the Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra X-ray Observatory, have independently provided what could be the best direct evidence yet for the existence of an event horizon, the defining feature of a black hole.	Hubble discovers black holes.
Nevertheless, increased longevity and falling birth rates are major factors making many state pension systems across Europe unsustainable in their present form. Some member states have already introduced major reforms (e.g. Germany, France and Austria) others have continued to adapt their existing systems.	National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Nevertheless, the international reputation of some Polish artists, notably the film maker Krzysztof Kieslowski, has never been higher. To use a crass commercial yardstick, the DVD boxed set of his Decalogue series (ten one-hour dramas based loosely on the Ten Commandments, made for Polish TV in 1988) is currently number 3,700 in Amazon.com's sales rankings (about even with The Alfred Hitchcock Signature Collection).	Kieslowski is a film and TV director.
New York boasts the largest number of billionaires, with 40 residing in the Big Apple. The world's youngest billionaire is 22-year-old Hind Hariri, daughter of assassinated former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.	The number of billionaires increases.
Next year is the 50th anniversary of the Normandy invasion, an event that wouldn't have been possible without the Liberty ships. The volunteers hope to raise enough money to sail the O'Brien to France for the big D-Day celebration.	50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
Nicholas Burns stated in an exclusive interview for "Utrinski Vesnik" from Pristina that it would be disgraceful if Athens puts a veto on Macedonia's application for membership in the European Union and NATO.	Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Nick Leeson was jailed for fraud following the collapse of Barings Bank in 1995. He had run up losses of 850m on the Far East stock markets.	Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
Northwest Strikes: If Northwest flight attendants go on strike on the 15th, what does that mean for travelers? I have a trip booked on the 24th. Will NW rebook us with other airlines?.	Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Oh Eun-sun was the first Korean woman to climb Mt. Everest solo. For all the hardships she must have endured, she merely says that she was lucky. She now reminisces about the days she spent in that mountain.	A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
On 24 March 1992, the number 3 power generating unit at the Leningrad Atomic Power Station in Sosnovyi Bor underwent an emergency shutdown. The plant suffered a steam leak, which spewed a total of some 3 thousand curies into the atmosphere.	Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
ON 29 June the Dutch right-wing coalition government collapsed. It was made up of the Christian-democrats (CDA) led by Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende, the right wing liberal party (VVD) and the so-called 'left-liberal' D66.	Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
On February 1, 1990, during a spacewalk, Alexander Serebrov dons an experimental flying armchair that had been delivered to Mir with Kvant 2. Unlike U.S. astronauts, who flew untethered flights with a similar device, the Soviet cosmonaut remains attached to the station with a safety tether, since there is no space shuttle to pick him up in case of an emergency.	US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
On July 12 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio asks Pedro Santana Lopes to form a government. The new government is sworn in on July 17 and includes António Monteiro as foreign minister, Daniel Sanches as interior minister, and António Bago Flix as finance minister; Paulo Portas remains defense minister.	New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
On June 29, 1995, the Space Shuttle Atlantis made history when it docked with the Russian Mir space station, as shown in this photograph.	US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
Oscar-winning director Franco Zeffirelli has been awarded an honorary knighthood for his "valuable services to British performing arts".	Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Over a course of days, the bank went from apparent strength to bankruptcy. Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank. It had financed the Napoleonic wars, the Louisiana purchase, and the Erie Canal. Barings was the Queen's bank.	Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
People who are deaf or have hearing impairments, those who are blind or have vision impairments, and those with mobility impairments may face unique challenges in an emergency. Their ability to detect a fire or escape its effects may be hindered by their impairments. As a result, people with these impairments are at a greater risk of death or injury due to fire.	Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
Political parties in PNG lack ideological conviction and rely almost exclusively on patronage politics, personalism, and regional bases. Several parties have emerged in Papua New Guinean politics. In the House of Assembly elected in 1973, the Pangu Pati, headed by Michael Somare, formed a coalition government with the People's Progress Party, and Somare became prime minister.	Several new political parties emerged.
President Chirac has been advised that his resumption of nuclear testing would precipitate an international boycott of French products.	International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
President Fujimori was first elected in 1990, and then re-elected in 1995 under a new constitution.	President Fujimori was re-elected in 1995.
President Vladimir Putin vowed Monday to track down the killers of Anna Politkovskaya, while her colleagues at Novaya Gazeta pledged to continue her work despite dangers.	Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Prime Minister Jos Manuel Duro Barroso resigns. He is to assume the presidency of the European Commission later in the year (the European Parliament approves him on July 22).	New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
Rabies is a viral disease of mammals and is transmitted primarily through bites. Annually, 7,000 to 8,000 rabid animals are detected in the United States, with more than 90 percent of the cases in wild animals.	Rabies is fatal in humans.
Rabies virus infects the central nervous system, causing encephalopathy and ultimately death. Early symptoms of rabies in humans are nonspecific, consisting of fever, headache, and general malaise.	Rabies is fatal in humans.
Research workers of the German archaeological institute have discovered a mummy in permafrost at excavation work in Mongolia of approximately 2,500 years old.	Altai ice maiden triggers major dispute.
Ronaldo Luiz Nazario da Silva is quite simply one of the greatest strikers in the history of world football, capable of leaving an entire team for dead with his darting runs and dribbling ability, voted FIFA World Player of the Year on three occasions and already a double FIFA World Cup winner.	FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
Russia doesn't excel in auto manufacturing, but it is tops in other areas. The country's great wealth in oil, natural gas, and metals, in addition to generating revenue for the government, is creating a new middle class that craves European, Japanese and American cars.	European cars sell in Russia.
Russian cosmonaut Valery Polyakov set the record for the longest continuous amount of time spent in space, a staggering 438 days, between 1994 and 1995.	Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Seal hunting has been a tradition in Norway for thousands of years, but has dwindled recently with only about half the annual 1,200 quota being killed each year.	Seal-hunting endangers species.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Nane Annan are greeted by President Fidel Castro upon their arrival at Jose Marti Airport in Havana on April 10.	Castro visits the UN.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.	Andreotti collaborates with the Mafia.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.	Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Sida does not take any new decisions on support to projects in the Baltic states.	Baltic Countries join the EU.
Speaking about the papal visit, Castro also said the government had agreed to make available half of its transport to ensure people can attend masses the pope will celebrate in the cities of Havana, Santa Clara, Camaguey and Santiago de Cuba. Cuban church authorities have been concerned there will not be enough transport.	Papal travel is affected by political concerns.
Stony Brook, NY (1/10/02)- The discovery of paleolithic art in a cave in South Africa is causing researchers to consider an older and less Euro-centric view of the origins of what is considered 'modern behavior'.	Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
Strong support was given to water conservation, recycling and demand reduction options, while storage augmentation (dam building) was rejected on the grounds that there would not be sufficient water to fill any new dams.	Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Thanks to the thirty Heads who responded to my question about maternity leave. Clearly, the amount of maternity leave offered to teachers at international schools varies greatly from school to school.	Maternity leave varies in Europe.
The accident in the Ukrainian nuclear power plant at Chernobyl on April 26, 1986 brought along great harm for many people. There were immediate damages and consequential burdens for human beings, the environment and the economy over long distances.	Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
The agreement also stated a period of transition for the Baltic countries to last until December 31, 1999. This was a much shorter period than that which was assigned to the Central European countries (their transition periods were declared to be 10 years). Estonia declined the transition period, Latvia received a transition period of four years, and Lithuania received a transition period of six years.	Baltic Countries join the EU.
The British tabloids portrayed Nicholas Leeson as a working-class villain who single-handedly brought down Barings PLC, a 233-year-old London merchant bank that helped finance the Napoleonic wars.	Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
The chain of events which led to the collapse of Barings, Britain's oldest merchant bank, is a demonstration of how not to manage a derivatives operation.	Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
The conference found that many Australians experience discrimination through the Governmental, penal, legal and health care systems because of their mental health, race, skin colour, sexuality, sexual formation or refugee status.	Mental health problems increase in the young.
The Dayton Peace Accords for Bosnia and Herzegovina was the first major peace agreement adopted after the Beijing conference, in December 1995.	The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
The discovery is based on velocity measurements of a whirlpool of hot gas orbiting the black hole.	Hubble discovers black holes.
The discovery of the body of a warrior - thought to have died in battle more than 2,000 years ago - could help archaeologists to pinpoint the site of an ancient holy site. The young warrior, aged about 30, with his spear, a sword, his belt and scabbard, stunned archaeologists who found his stone coffin.	Altai ice maiden triggers major dispute.
The Ebro Delta (delta de l'Ebro) is the largest humid zone in Catalonia. It is the second most important natural aquatic habitat in Spain after the Doana National Park. The Delta is of international importance for its plant species and its fauna.	The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
The ecological problems stem in large part from the fact that the brackish water and productive coastal wetlands and natural areas are often supplied with nutrient-rich irrigation return water, sometimes from rice farming. The Ebro Delta and its wetlands suffer similar water quality problems since they lie around the fringes of the large Delta farm region.	The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
The eighth Paralympic Winter Games are set to take place in Salt Lake City, Utah. For only the second time the Games are being held outside Europe, following the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano, Japan. And for the first time ever, there is just one combined organising committee for both the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. Just 10 days after the Winter Olympics concludes, the Paralympics will begin in the same venue.	The 2002 Olympic Winter games took place in Salt Lake.
The first dinosaur remains in south-east Asia were found in Laos as early as 1936, but little else eventuated until the 1980s. Much of the area is heavily vegetated, and although difficult to explore, promises many significant finds in the future. Thailand has provided the best finds, particularly from the Khorat Group, which covers the period from the late Triassic to the early Cretaceous .	Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
The first half of 1997 has been a year of considerable progress for East Timor in the international arena. In April, a majority of members of the UN Commission on Human Rights voted in support of a strong resolution on East Timor, criticising the Indonesian government for its lack of progress on human rights in East Timor and calling for concrete steps to be taken to address the continuing violations.	Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
The floods were exceptional since they affected an extensive area across Europe from the UK to Spain and as far east as the Black Sea coast. Economic losses amounted to EUR 9.2 bn in Germany, EUR 2.9 bn in Austria and EUR 2.3 bn in the Czech Republic. Total economic damage exceeds EUR 15 bn.	Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
The ghost shirt was then donated to the Glasgow Museum in 1892 by an Indian interpreter and has remained a visitor attraction for 100 years. It became the subject of an ownership wrangle when descendants of the Sioux tribe petitioned for its return in 1995. The Wounded Knee Survivors Association including a Lakota elder had it returned to the tribe.	A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
The golden jewellery, found in an intact Royal Macedonian tomb in 1977, is exquisite. It is now the prize exhibit in the archaeological museum in Thessaloniki and the label says that it came from the tomb of Philip II, Alexander the Great's father.	Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
The group, along with a broad coalition of disarmament, environmental, peace, and religious organizations, expects the boycott to put pressure on French companies to exert their economic influence and encourage Chirac to end all nuclear weapons testing.	International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
The increased amounts of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases (GHGs) are the primary causes of the human-induced component of global warming.	Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd. raised $19.07 billion Friday after pricing its initial public offering at HK$3.07 (39 cents), the top end of its indicative price range, to become the world's biggest ever IPO.	The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
The International Olympic Committee has leapt to the defence of the drug-testing lab at the centre of the Merlene Ottey doping case. Athletics' governing body, the IAAF, last week cleared Ottey of accusations of steroid use and lifted a two-year ban after their arbitration panel said the IOC-accredited lab in Lausanne improperly tested Ottey's urine sample.	Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
The investigation came about following the collapse of Barings Bank, when one of its traders based in Singapore, Nick Leeson, amassed losses of the order of 600-700 million without the bank being aware of it.	Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
The Italian air transport sector features many typical causes of industrial conflict, including: the troubled economic situation of Alitalia, Italy's flagship airline (IT0404304F); a set of specific factors concerning services delivery; and a marked fragmentation of trade union representation.	Italian flight assistants go on strike.
The Italian parliament may approve a draft law allowing descendants of the exiled royal family to return home. The family was banished after the Second World War because of the King's collusion with the fascist regime, but moves were introduced this year to allow their return.	Italian royal family returns home.
The liner notes to the CD surmise that Farrakhan is the author of three selections, "Is She Is, or Is She Ain't", "Don't Touch Me Nylon," and "Female Boxer" and that is quite possible. The most interesting is the first of these three, a topical number on Christie Jorgensen, the subject of a series of sex change operations. While such transexual operations have since become more common, this was the first to receive high publicity.	Sex-change operations become more common.
The Longest Day ever lengthens. The 25th anniversary celebration of the first Normandy landing lasted three days; the 50th will spread out over a year.	50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
The longest mission which the Russian Salyuts supported was 63 days. The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer and would need to be resupplied from time to time.	Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
The longest mission which these Salyuts supported was 63 days. The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer and would need to be resupplied from time to time; therefore, a supply ferry was mandatory to maintain a fully operational Salyut for two years with 40,000 pounds of fuel, food, clothing and water.	Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
The magazine said the number of billionaires worldwide increased by 102 people in 2006 to 793, a record number, largely due to bullish global stock markets. Their total net worth jumped 18 percent to $2.6 trillion.	The number of billionaires increases.
The main institutionalised forms of recognition for those who have made a significant contribution in the fields of physics, chemistry, medicine, literature, as well as for those working for peace (and more recently in the area of economics), are the Nobel prizes.	Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
The most recent figures from UNAids show a continent divided in two. In north Africa, up to 0.5% of the population has been infected with HIV. In sub-Saharan Africa, that figure is 8.8% but rising to almost 40% in some countries. In four countries - Botswana, Lesotho, Swaziland and Zimbabwe - at least one in three of the population is HIV positive.	AIDS spreads in Africa.
The mystery of Alexander the Great's tomb still has not unraveled, and locating the burial of Alexander seems to have become an impossible mission for archaeologists.	Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee is responsible for the selection of the candidates and the choice of Prize Winners for the Peace Prize. The Committee is composed of five members appointed by the Storting (Norwegian parliament). The Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo, Norway and not in Stockholm, Sweden like the other Nobel Prizes.	Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
The optimal style of dam building is specific to the particular macroproject, the nature of the geophysical worksite (Anon., 2005) as well as social uncertainty, the undertaking management organizations experience, the operational complexities of many kinds of construction machinery and worker nationalities, the macroprojects situational geography and the logistics of its required compositional materials.	Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
The original spelling reform of 1996, which was meant to harmonize the spelling rules across the German-speaking countries, turned out to be a major embarrassment if not outright failure.	A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
The papers presented show that all European countries are experiencing rapidly aging populations that will cause sharp increases in the cost of retirement income over the next several decades.	National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
The party system increased in importance during the Second Republic. Large, strong parties were fostered under the d'Hondt method of proportional representation, and parties soon began to receive state subsidies.	Several new political parties emerged.
The policy focused on coca eradication from the territories of Peru and Bolivia. During the years of 1996 and 2000, much of the resources of "Andean Initiative" where utilized in intense aerial fumigation in coca producing areas.	Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
The presidents of Ecuador and Peru say they have agreed to work together to try to find a peaceful solution to their long-running border dispute.	Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
The royal tombs at Vergina were identified as the ancient capital of Aigai in the 1930s. A royal tomb identified as possibly Philip II of Macedonia, Alexander the Great's father, was found in 1977 by Manolis Andronikos.	Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
The Salt Lake City 2002 Winter Olympics will take place from February 8th to February 24th 2002. The Paralympics will take place in Salt Lake City from March 7th to March 16th 2002.	2002 Olympic Winter games take place in Salt Lake.
The Sioux Ghost Shirt was a feature of Glasgow's Kelvingrove Museum for more than 100 years before being repatriated to its land of origin.	A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
The son of Italy's last king returned to his homeland Monday, ending more than a half-century of exile. Victor Emmanuel and his family landed at a military airport in Rome in a private plane and headed immediately for an audience with Pope John Paul II.	Italian royal family returns home.
The spread of AIDS in Africa is driven not by unsafe sex but by unsafe medical practice, according to research published last week.	AIDS spreads in Africa.
The U.S. space shuttle Atlantis, its lights flashing like a beacon, smoothly docked with Russia's space station Mir Wednesday on its mission to pick up U.S. astronaut Shannon Lucid, who has spent a record-breaking six months in orbit.	US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
The world's fast-growing thirst for water can only be met by purifying sea water as rivers and reservoirs become unable to meet demand, Spain said last week unveiling a major program to fight its own chronic shortages.	The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
Then China rolled out the fake Panchen Lama, Gyaltsen Norbu, a teenager chosen as the reincarnation of a major lama by the atheist Communist leaders and trained since childhood to spout nationalist slogans while wearing robes. Newspapers reporting on the debacle generally tried to present both sides, but it seems fair to say there's really only one side to this sham and that pretty much nobody in the Tibetan community accepts Norbu as the real Panchen Lama. The Dalai Lama's choice for Panchen Lama, Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, has been in secret Chinese custody since 1995.	Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
There are four identified subtypes of Ebola virus. Three of the four have caused disease in humans: Ebola-Zaire, Ebola-Sudan, and Ebola-Ivory Coast. The fourth, Ebola-Reston, has caused disease in non-human primates, but not in humans.	The Ebola epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
There are many motives for suicide attacks: religious beliefs, nationalistic ideologies, obedience to charismatic and authoritarian leaders, or desire for political change. The modus operandi may vary, whether to use one or several suicide bombers, whether to use men or women.	People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
This coalition took seven months to form, the longest deadlock in Dutch history. It occurred only after negotiations between the CDA and the PvdA failed, first over tax issues, then over the issue of abortion.	Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
This course helps students pursuing an AOS or AAS degree, gain an understanding of the experiences of Black people from hearing and deaf communities in America.	Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
This is a kind of homework from last year's Halifax Summit. Discussions have taken place on how to rationalize and coordinate the various activities of the international organizations.	Financial reforms have been proposed at the G7 summit in Halifax.
Three leading Japanese banks have announced an alliance forming the world's largest financial group. Fuji Bank, Dai-Ichi Kangyo and the Industrial Bank of Japan say their operations will be integrated by the spring of 2002.	Merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Thus, China's President repeatedly sent letters and envoys to the Dalai Lama and to the Tibetan Government asking that Tibet "join" the Republic of China.	Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
Two of Japan's biggest financial institutions on Friday announced plans to merge and create the world's largest bank, underscoring growing sentiments that the country's long troubled banking system has significantly improved.	The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Typhoon Chanchu, packing winds up to 170 kph (106 mph) and the strongest typhoon on record to enter the South China Sea in May, made landfall between the cities of Shantou and Xiamen and was advancing northeast, the Hong Kong Observatory said.	A typhoon batters the Philippines.
Typhoon Xangsane lashed the Philippine capital on Thursday, grounding flights, halting vessels and closing schools and markets after triggering fatal flash floods in the centre of the country.	A typhoon batters the Philippines.
Typhoon Xangsane was downgraded to a tropical storm Sunday as it moved inland from the central Vietnam coast, where it killed two people, injured at least 80 others and damaged hundreds of homes, officials and state-controlled media reported.	A typhoon batters the Philippines.
U.S. space shuttle Atlantis and its seven-member crew concluded their pursuit of the International Space Station (ISS) on Wednesday and docked with the orbital outpost at 12:05 EDT (1605 GMT).	US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
UFJ Holdings Inc. said it wants to merge with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc., a combination that would surpass Citigroup Inc. as the world's biggest bank and accelerate Japan's attempts to clean up bad loans.	The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Unlike seal hunting in Canada, where pups are hunted for fur, poachers in China catch seals primarily to sell to zoos or to use the genital organs for traditional Chinese medicine.	Seal-hunting endangers species.
We present a novel approach to enhance avalanche companion rescue using wearable sensing technologies. The time to find and extricate victims is most crucial: once buried by an avalanche, survival chances drop dramatically already after the first 15 minutes.	Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
While the Baltic countries are set to join the European Union soon, their economies are already in good shape. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania boast the fastest economic growth in the entire Baltic Sea region, for example.	The Baltic Countries will join the EU.
With the publication of Sophie's World in 1991, Gaarder gained international fame. Sophie's World spent three years as the best selling book in Norway. His first book to be translated into English, Sophie's World was also the top-selling book in Germany, France, and Great Britain.	Sophie's World is a best seller.
Without a natural greenhouse effect, the temperature of the Earth would be about zero degrees F (-18C) instead of its present 57F (14C).	Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
Worldwide, child labor is most prevalent in the agricultural sector, where children are widely used as day laborers. Working long hours, children working in agriculture are often exposed to harmful pesticides, dangerous machinery, backbreaking loads, and many other hazardous conditions.	Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Zinedine Zidane has beaten Thierry Henry and Ronaldo to the Fifa 2003 World Player of the Year award.	FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
The Hubble is a scientific workhorse in the prime of its life. It is also the privileged photographer of the universe. Whether the images are of solar systems at birth, galaxies colliding, or the death throes of a star in supernova, Hubble's photos reveal both the ferocity and tranquillity of our universe.	Hubble is a Space telescope.
The Jurassic Park Institute is an absolutely accurate way for kids to get excited about dinosaur science! Written by two noted paleontologists and illustrated in big bold colors, this kid-friendly nonfiction guide uses easy-to-understand text to describe at least 100 dinosaurs alphabetically.	Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Two of Gianni Versace's favorite buzzwords were quality and future, so after the 50-year-old designer was murdered last July outside his Miami Beach, Fla. mansion, it was somehow inevitable that his family would have to go about putting those words together: They had to ask themselves how they could ensure the future of the company Versace had built without sacrificing its reputation for quality.	Gianni Versace is a designer.
In 1962, Armstrong was transferred to astronaut status. He served as command pilot for the Gemini 8 mission, launched March 16, 1966, and along with David Scott, performed the first successful docking of two vehicles in space by mating his Gemini 8 with an uninhabited Agena rocket.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Neil Armstrong was an aviator in the Navy and was chosen with the second group of astronauts in 1962. Made seven flights in the X-15 program (1960 photo), reaching an altitude of 207,500 feet. Was backup command pilot for Gemini 5, command pilot for Gemini 8, backup command pilot for Gemini 11, backup commander for Apollo 8, and commander for Apollo 11: successfully completing the first moonwalk.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
The Cyrillic alphabet is an alphabet used for several East and South Slavic languages; (Belarusian, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Russian, Rusyn, Serbian, and Ukrainian) and many other languages of the former Soviet Union, Asia and Eastern Europe. It has also been used for other languages in the past. Not all letters in the Cyrillic alphabet are used in every language which is written with it.	Cyrillic is an alphabet used for certain Slavic languages, such as Russian.
Elizabeth Alexandra Mary was born on April 21, 1926 in London, England. Her father, Prince Albert, Duke of York, was the second son of King George V. Her mother, the former Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, was the daughter of a Scottish earl. Princess Elizabeth was their first child. Her only sibling, Margaret Rose, was born in 1930.	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II was born in London on April, 21 1926, first child of the Duke and Duchess of York, subsequently King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. Five weeks later she was christened in the chapel of Buckingham Palace and was given the names Elizabeth Alexandra Mary Windsor. The Queen ascended the throne on February 6, 1952 upon the death of her father, King George VI. Her Coronation followed on June 2, 1953.	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
George H.W. Bush served this country not only as President but also as Vice President, Member of Congress, United Nations Ambassador, chief of the U.S. Liaison Office to the People's Republic of China, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and also, as a naval aviator in World War II. Coming back from the war, he married his sweetheart, Barbara Pierce of Rye, New York, and later that year made his first civilian adult decision when he made the appropriate choice of moving to Texas, where he lived the rest of his life.	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Bush and his wife, Laura, departed the White House on Thursday afternoon to spend four days at the wooded presidential retreat of rustic cabins in the Maryland mountains. Along with the first lady's mother, Jenna Welch, the weekend gathering includes the president's parents, former President George H.W. Bush and his wife, Barbara; his sister Doro Koch and her husband, Bobby; and his brother, Marvin, and his wife, Margaret.	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Although I come across Borges and Calvino fairly often, too, I have to admit that Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the only one of the other authors I am at all familiar with, so I am not sure which difference it might make. I would be curious, though, what that difference might look like to people writing about media art and architecture in Spanish, for example.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a writer.
The United Kingdom, Turkey, "Old" British commonwealth forces ( New Zealand, Aussies, Canadians, Gurkhas, India), Germany, Poland, Vietnam, some units from USA, Russia, France, China (but only some) Japan would be included but I'm uncomfortable about using the word respected for Japanese soldiers for obvious reasons.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The town lies along the stretch of coastline designated as Gold Beach during the D-Day landings , one of the beaches used by British troops in the allied invasion. Arromanches was selected as one of the sites for two Mulberry Harbours built on the Normandy coast, the other one built further West at Omaha Beach.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
After months of planning and build-up, Supreme Commander Dwight Eisenhower set Operation Overlord for June 6, 1944: some 7000 ships in the British Isles set to sea and sailed across the English Channel, and, under the leadership of Field Marshall Bernard Montgomery, 135,000 troops landed and stormed Feldmarschal Erwin Rommel's German positions along 80 km of the Normandy coast.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
Former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, who stunned Germans with admission that he used illegal bank accounts to funnel secret money to Christian Democratic party, invokes personal honor in refusing to disclose names of people who gave more than $1 million between 1993 and 1998; scandal threatens to shred Kohl's place in history for reunifying Germany and leading Europe toward common currency.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Since '82 Federal Chancellor (elected by "constructive vote of no confidence" against former Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, Social Democratic Party (SPD); reelected 1983, 1987, 1991 and 1994). This makes Helmut Kohl the longest-serving chancellor of the Federal Republic, passing by Konrad Adenauer, the first chancellor, this October.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
When comparing Michele Granger and Brian Goodell, Brian has to be the clear winner. In 1976, while still a student at Mission Viejo High, Brian won two Olympic gold medals at Montreal, breaking his own world records in both the 400- and 1,500-meter freestyle events. He went on to win three gold medals in he 1979 Pan American Games.	Brian Goodell won three gold medals in the 1979 Pan American Games.
More than a decade ago, Carl Lewis stood on the threshold of what was to become the greatest athletics career in history. He had just broken two of the legendary Jesse Owens' college records, but never believed he would become a corporate icon, the focus of hundreds of millions of dollars in advertising. His sport was still nominally amateur. Eighteen Olympic and World Championship gold medals and 21 world records later, Lewis has become the richest man in the history of track and field -- a multi-millionaire.	Carl Lewis won eighteen gold medals and set 21 world records.
Discovery of the top quark, if confirmed, completes one set of subatomic building blocks whose existence is predicted by the prevailing theory, called the Standard Model, of the particles and forces that determine the fundamental nature of matter and energy. In the whimsical lexicon of modern physics, the elementary particles are called quarks, leptons and bosons.	Quarks, leptons, and bosons are the three elementary particles of physics according to the Standard Model.
Yachtsman Melvyn Percy became so fed up with the standard of service when preparing his boat for the 3000-mile Atlantic crossing that he decided to set up his own company on the Clyde to provide Scots sailors with professional advice and practical assistance. Minerva Rigging, based at Kip Marina just south of Gourock, now employs five full-time staff and is the Scottish agent for Kemp, one of Europe's leading yacht spar and mast manufacturers.	Melvyn Percy set up Minerva Rigging at Kip Marina.
Of all the national park lands in the United States, none is closer to a major urban area or more beset with problems than the Everglades, a shallow, 50-mile-wide river of grass that flows south from Lake Okeechobee to Florida Bay. For more than a generation, this fragile natural wonder has been held hostage by a web of special interests -- farmers, sportsmen and about 6 million South Florida residents in need of drinking water and flood control -- that is as complex as the ecosystem itself.	The Everglades is 50-mile wide.
Aeschylus is often called the father of Greek tragedy; he wrote the earliest complete plays which survive from ancient Greece. He is known to have written more than 90 plays, though only seven survive. The most famous of these are the trilogy known as Orestia. Also well-known are The Persians and Prometheus Bound.	"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
Canada is officially a bilingual country but, with nearly 60% of the population speaking English as their mother-tongue, and only 24% speaking French as their first language, some people are questioning whether Canada is truly a bilingual nation or rather, a bilingual nation on paper only. French is not the only linguistic minority in Canada, and some of the languages spoken, in order of popularity, are Chinese, Italian, German, Polish, Spanish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Ukrainian, Arabic, Dutch, Tagalog, Greek, Vietnamese, Cree and Inuktitut.	French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
One year on from the Indian Ocean tsunami, the world's grief and compassion returned to the tsunami-battered coastlines of the Indian Ocean, where at least 216,000 people lost their lives. Under a clear sky and before a gentle sea, the world commemorated those who lost their lives, in one of the worst natural disasters that the modern world has experienced.	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
Brazilian cardinal Dom Eusbio Oscar Scheid, Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro , harshly criticized Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva after arriving in Rome on Tuesday.	The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
According to members of Brazilian Court, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva may be subjected to an impeachment process, if there is some proof that he is really involved in some of the alleged scandals, or in case someone can prove that he was acting with negligence.	The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
A report prepared by a five member UN commission noted "killing of civilians, enforced disappearances, destruction of villages, rape and other forms of sexual violence, pillaging and forced displacement, throughout Darfur", and secretly named alleged war criminals that should go before the ICC.	More than 200,000 people were killed in the air attack in the Darfur region.
The United States Marshals Service working together with nearly 960 other law enforcement agencies recently concluded a week-long operation, Operation FALCON, which succeeded in the arrest of 10,340 fugitives across the United States and elsewhere. Other regional sweeps have been conducted before; but this was the first of its kind at the national level and resulted in the highest number of arrests ever recorded in a single operation.	Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Operation FALCON was conducted during a one week period, April 4-10, 2005, chosen to coincide with National Crime Victim's Rights Week , April 10-16, the dates being chosen to "honor the victims" of violent crime in America. "By taking violent fugitives off the streets and putting them behind bars where they belong," said Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , "we've honored the victims and made our streets safer.".	Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Thousands of Romanians participated in rallies on Monday to campaign for the release of three Romanian journalists kidnapped last month in Iraq . Crowds swelled in size after a weekend of smaller rallies sponsored by Romanian media workers and the Arab community in Romania.	Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
"These new results from Cassini may be the first evidence of gases originating either from the surface or possibly from the interior of Enceladus," said Dr. Michele Dougherty, principal investigator for the Cassini magnetometer and professor at Imperial College in London. Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring. Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.	Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.	Klaus Pohl is one of Germany's most performed dramatists.
TWA connects through New York en route to Frankfurt . Lufthansa , the German airline , flies direct daily from Los Angeles to Frankfurt , and the airline shares flights with Lauda Air , an Austrian carrier , on Wednesdays , Fridays and Sundays to fly directly to Munich . Another German airline , Ltu , also flies direct from Los Angeles to Dusseldorf and Munich on Mondays and Thursdays . Frankfurt is the hub for trips to most of the country 's smaller cities.	Lufthansa is the German airline.
November 9, 1989 , the day the Berlin Wall fell and the world changed forever . Not even the most astute saw it coming . As Hungary's foreign minister in the late summer of 1989 , Gyula Horn gave the order to let visiting East Germans use his country to do a 400-mile end run around the Berlin Wall , a move now seen as the beginning of the end for hard-line communism in Europe .	The Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989.
Global markets should be "quite strong enough to absorb it without lasting damage", he said . "I would stress that these circumstances are unique to Barings and should not apply to other banks operating in London." Barings faced losses of at least 600m in contracts on three stock exchanges in Singapore , Osaka and Tokyo , he said , but 'further unquantifiable losses' were expected .	The banking firm Barings collapsed due to speculations made by Nick Leeson.
"It's a vote of confidence that the momentum is going to continue", Doyle said . The momentum also appears to be moving south . The Mexican election is the latest indication that the free-market reforms that have swept Latin America during the past decade are gaining political acceptance . In Brazil , prices rose sharply , reacting to the Mexico vote and to new polls favorable to free-market presidential candidate Fernando Henrique Cardoso .	Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a presidential candidate.
Although he won with the lowest majority ever tallied by the ruling party , 48.7% of the votes , his ballots almost doubled those of outsider Diego Fernandez de Cevallos , the rightist runner-up . And insiders are now favored to win other Latin American elections in the coming months : In Brazil , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , a former Senate leader and Cabinet minister , is expected to finish ahead of outsider Luis Inacio (Lula) da Silva , a leftist former labor leader , in the first round of president.	Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a Brazilian former Senate leader and Cabinet minister.
It would force countries in the region to choose between the United States and Japan -- or maybe between Japan and China . And it would collapse whatever promise the newly born Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) holds as a vehicle to assure American commercial access to the booming Pacific markets . To risk all of this in the name of a flawed concept is foolish . This is not to deny the Administration 's understandable frustration with a persistently huge Japanese trade surplus.	APEC is the newly born Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation.
It is an independence movement among the Tamil peoples of northern Sri Lanka -- the ancient land of Ceylon independent from Britain in 1948 and took the name Sri Lanka, a Sinhalese word, in 1972.	The current name of Ceylon is Sri Lanka.
Article 19 said a correspondent for the independent newspaper Narodnaya Volya who attempted to determine how many people involved in emergency work in the contaminated zone around the Chernobyl nuclear reactor after the 1986 catastrophe were still alive was told by the Ministry of Emergencies that non-state newspapers could be refused access to any information.	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
After leaving Time-Life, Shuker joined the Public Broadcast Laboratory, forerunner of PBS, and participated in two pioneering films -- 'The Chair,' about an attorney trying to save a condemned man, and 'Free At Last,' a 90-minute documentary about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. that by chance was being made when King was murdered in 1968.	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Meanwhile, at a Pushkin-Goethe Festival held recently in Moscow to observe the poets' birthdays (this year is Goethe's 250th), Dmitri Prigov, a post-modernist poet and conceptual artist, took the first line from "Onegin" ("My uncle - high ideals inspire him") and set it to Buddhist and Muslim mantras and Russian Orthodox and Gregorian chants.	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was born in Germany.
Addressing a function organized here by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Anand said, the greatest and most urgent challenges of human rights in India were in the areas of maternal and child care, child education, child labor, child abuse and protection of minorities and weaker sections.	Amnesty International takes care of human rights.
President Jacques Chirac of France, a conservative like Kohl, and Prime Minister Lionel Jospin, whose fellow Socialists saw in the victory of Schroeder's Social Democrats a continuation of a European trend that brought them and British Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labor Party to power last year, paid tribute to both in almost equal measure.	Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose Labor Party won power 13 months ago and who is the current EU president, said the leaders acknowledged jointly - and without trying to blame each other - that the EU's Belgian-based bureaucracy is regarded as both remote and overbearing.	Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
That theory, a concept first proposed by Albert Einstein and often reiterated by British astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, seeks to find a single set of equations that can explain all the fundamental forces in the universe: gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong and weak interactive forces among subnuclear particles.	Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
A condition called "social anxiety disorder" this week joined the long list of downers in life - including obesity, impotence, depression and phobia - that Americans once commonly saw as challenges of willpower and character but can now have treated by popping a pill.	Phobia is a an extreme fear of a particular thing or situation.
NPF said that young people displaying onset symptoms of Parkinson's disease have special needs, because they often have children to raise, jobs to keep and other issues to address that are different than those patients in retirement years.	The symptoms of Parkinson's disease are: tremor, rigidity (stiffness; increased muscle tone), bradykinesia/akinesia, also "dysdiadokinesia", and postural instability.
Olympic officials familiar with Salt Lake City's bid for the 2002 Winter Games have described in recent weeks a process by which Salt Lake City Olympic officials targeted the votes of 17 African IOC members after losing by four votes to Nagano, Japan, for the right to play host to the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Hubble is one of the most remarkable facilities in the entire history of science.	Hubble is a Space telescope.
Jurassic Park is a novel written by Michael Crichton. Jurassic Park was published in 1990.	Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Boris Becker is a true legend in the sport of tennis. Aged just seventeen, he won Wimbledon for the first time and went on to become the most prolific tennis player.	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Boris Becker is a former professional tennis player for Germany.	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
On Aug. 6, 1945, an atomic bomb was exploded on Hiroshima with an estimated equivalent explosive force of 12,500 tons of TNT, followed three days later by a second, more powerful, bomb on Nagasaki.	In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
He interviewed Shigeko Sasamori in December 2004. Ms. Sasamori was thirteen when the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima (August 6, 1945).	In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
On August 6, 1945 the atomic bomb was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. The Enola Gay, piloted by Colonel Tibbetts, was chosen to make the mission. The mission was recorded as successful by Capt. William S. Parson at 9:20 A.M.	In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
Even Homer realises the cleverness of Jan De Bont's tautly-directed action. Laser Movies , Speed , Widescreen with Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock.	The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
According to the director Kim Ki-duk The biggest problem for Americans understanding Korean movies is that all action films have the same plot. For example, the movie 'Speed' with Keanu Reeves.	The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
Felipe González Márquez (born March 5, 1942) is a Spanish socialist politician. He was the General Secretary of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from 1974 to 1997.	Felipe González is the President of Spain.
González Márquez, Felipe is a Spanish political leader. After joining what was then the Spanish Socialist Workers' party, González became its secretary-general and revived it from the moribund position into which it had fallen under Franco.	Felipe González is the President of Spain.
As spacecraft commander for Apollo XI, the first manned lunar landing mission, Armstrong was the first man to walk on the Moon. "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." With these historic words, man's dream of the ages was fulfilled.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Cyrillic is an alphabet form that is derived from the Greek alphabet. The characters in the script look substantially different from the Latin alphabet that is used throughout Western Europe.	Cyrillic is an alphabet used for certain Slavic languages, such as Russian.
Qin Shi Huang, personal name Zheng, was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE, and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE, ruling under the name First Emperor.	Qin Shi Huang was the first China Emperor.
The Qin (from which the name China is derived) established the approximate boundaries and basic administrative system that all subsequent dynasties were to follow.	Qin Shi Huang was the first Chinese Emperor.
Following the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty of 1979, Israel agreed to withdraw from the Sinai Peninsula, in exchange for peace with its neighbor. For over two decades, the Sinai Peninsula was home to about 7,000 Israelis.	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
Canada and the United States signed an agreement on January 30, 1979, to amend the treaty to allow subsistence hunting of waterfowl.	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
In 1979, the leaders signed the Egypt-Israel peace treaty on the White House lawn. Both President Begin and Sadat received the Nobel Peace Prize for their work. The two nations have enjoyed peaceful relations to this day.	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
President George W. Bush, who gave the keynote address and introduced his father, raved about the vessel: "She is unrelenting, she unshakeable, she is unyielding, she is unstoppable. In fact, she should have been named the Barbara Bush.".	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
George Herbert Walker Bush (born June 12, 1924) is the former 41st President of the United States of America. Almost immediately upon his return from the war in December 1944, George Bush married Barbara Pierce.	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "The Autumn of the Patriarch" and other novels.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist and writer.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a liberal thinker whose left-wing politics angered many conservative politicians and heads of state. His job as a reporter for the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina, in 1960, and and friendship with Fidel Castro resulted in his being ultimately denied entry to the United States for political reasons.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a conservative politician.
In 1867, Nobel obtained a patent on a special type of nitroglycerine, which he called "dynamite". The invention quickly proved its usefulness in building and construction in many countries.	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Experimenting on a raft anchored on the river Elbe, Alfred Nobel tries to make nitroglycerine safer to handle. Finds that the addition of kieselguhr turns nitroglycerine into a dough that can be kneaded, and calls it "dynamite".	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
A British Dynamite Company (Ardeer, Scotland, UK) is founded. In 1877 the company name was changed to Nobel's Explosives Company.	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Euro Disney is one of the most popular theme parks of USA.	Euro-Disney is an Entertainment Park.
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris. Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels, restaurants, shops and a nearby golf course apart from the actual theme park. It provides a much better experience than its American cousin thanks to the marvels of modern engineering.	Euro-Disney is an Entertainment Park.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970 at the age of eighty. He was thus fifty years old when, as an unknown officer recently promoted to the (temporary) rank of brigadier general, he made his famous broadcast from London rejecting the capitulation of France to the Nazis after the debacle of May-June 1940.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
Charles de Gaulle retired as an earl and died in November. He wished a simple funeral for himself: he would be buried in his village in a seventy-two dollar oak coffin, borne to his grave by his fellow villagers-a butcher's assistant, a cheesemaker, and a farmhand.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
Genevieve de Gaulle-Anthonics, 81, niece of the late Charles de Gaulle, died in Paris on February 14, 2002. She joined the French resistance when the Germans occupied Paris.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
The Argentinian propaganda made the Gurkhas out to be evil savages who ate their PoW's. However instead of causing the Argentinian conscripts fight to the end, it caused them to run away, the Gurkhas never saw more than brief token resistance.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The Gurkhas come from mountainous Nepal and are extremely tenacious warriors-as foot soldiers they are the best only in close combat jungle/mountain combat and hand to hand type situation.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
Arromanches-les-Bains or simply Arromanches is a town in Normandy, France, located on the coast in the heart of the area where the Normandy landings took place on D-Day, on June 6, 1944.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
The D-Day was the largest seaborne invasion force ever assembled headed for France on June 6th 1944.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
Kohl participated in the late stage of WWII as a teenage soldier. He joined the Christian-Democratic Union (CDU) in 1947.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow. He died shortly after arriving at City Hospital No. 20 in Moscow.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
Russian Public Television head Vladislav Listyev is shot in the heart by an unknown gunman outside his Moscow home. The attack is linked to opponents of an advertising ban he had proposed for the television channel.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
The final major piece of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was to hit just after midnight, completing a ring of crater-like plumes of swirling superheated gas and debris thousands of miles across. "It hit Jupiter like a string of machine-gun bullets" said Eugene Shoemaker, an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz., who helped discover the comet last year.	The Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter.
You rifle through your visual memory and there it is: Vermeer, the 17th-Century Dutch artist who painted extraordinary portraits of women engaged in the ordinary -- writing a letter, making lace or putting on a necklace of pearls.	Vermeer is a 17th-Century Dutch artist.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.	Klaus Pohl is a German dramatist.
In India, carpets are made mostly in Uttar Pradesh, which adopted a "Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act" in 1986.	The Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act was adopted in 1986.
Victor Emmanuel was born on Nov. 11, 1869, in Naples. After his father, Umberto I, was assassinated in 1900, Victor Emmanuel succeeded to the throne.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy reigned from 1900 to 1946.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III yielded most of his powers to his son Umberto II in 1944, when Umberto was appointed as Lieutenant General of the Realm, and finally abdicated in 1946.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III, 1869-1947, king of Italy (1900-1946), emperor of Ethiopia (1936-43), king of Albania (1939-43), son and successor of Humbert I.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Franz Liszt (Hungarian: Liszt Ferenc) was a Hungarian/Austrian virtuoso pianist and composer who lived from 1811 to 1886. Liszt is widely considered to be one of the greatest piano virtuosi of all time, and certainly the most famous of the nineteenth century.	Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
The Altenburg is located in the Jenaer street which lies just outside of Weimar's city centre beyond the Ilm park. It was built in 1810-1811 and during the years following 1848, Princess Carolyne of Sayn Wittgenstein and her husband, Franz Liszt, lived there.	Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Franz Liszt, a Hungarian composer who lived from 1811 to 1886 was the equivalent of a rock star in his day. His piano compositions were extremely popular and he often gave concerts to his multitude of fans. Liszt was also the pioneer of many musical techniques, including the symphonic poem and the technique of transforming themes.	Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Aeschylus was born in 525 BC, and spent his youth as a soldier in the Athenian army. He wrote The Persians when he was 53 years old, but it is his earliest surviving work.	"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
To write "The Persians," which opens Thursday at the Aurora Theatre in Berkeley, Ellen McLaughlin spent six days. Given the direction of U.S. foreign policy, McLaughlin says, the lessons of "The Persians" are particularly crucial today, 2,500 years after it was written.	"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
The brother-in-law of Mohammad Oreibi al-Khalifa, the new chief judge in the genocide trial of Saddam Hussein, has been shot dead, police sources say.	Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
A Muslim charity in the Philippines that was supported by bin Laden and run by a brother-in-law, Mohammad Jamal Khalifa, financed Shah and the other plotters.	Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Spirou was created in 1938 by Rob-Vel, who sold the rights to the Dupuis publishing house in early 40's. Other artists like Jije (Joseph Gillain) took care of the feature.	Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Tintin, the Smurfs, Boule et Bill, Astérix, Natacha, Spirou and other legendary characters were created by talented artists like Hergé, Morris, Franquin and Walthéry.	Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Mars is considered the red planet because of its bright red color.	Mars is called 'the red planet'.
The planet probably got this name due to its red color; Mars is sometimes referred to as 'the Red Planet'.	Mars is called 'the red planet'.
The Red Planet is thought to have no magnetic field. It has the greenhouse effect which raises the temperature about 5 degrees. It has a very thin atmosphere consisting of 95.3% carbon dioxide, 2.7% nitrogen, 1.6% argon, 0.15% oxygen, and 0.03% water.	Mars is called the red planet.
Theravada Buddhism is the official religion of Thailand and is the religion of about 95% of its people. The government permits religious diversity, and other major religions are represented. Spirit worship and animism are widely practiced.	The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
Thailand's official religion is Buddhism which claims the allegiance of most Thai people. Their cultural identity seems almost inseparably intertwined with Buddhist traditions. The people practice folk Buddhism which includes and elaborate system of spirit worship.	The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
The official religion is Theravada Buddhism, which is also practiced in neighboring Laos, Thailand, Burma and Sri Lanka.	The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
French is the mother tongue of 80.9 percent of Québeckers, while 7.8 percent cite English as their mother tongue.	French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
Please note that Arabic is the language of Quran so it's better to learn it to understand clearly all the miracles in Quran.	Arabic is the language of the Quran.
The Arabic Language is the door to Islam and the Language of the holy Quran and Prophetic traditions. Therefore, distancing ourselves from Arabic studies leads to innovation and disbelief.	Arabic is the language of the Quran.
The Norwegian Newspaper Corpus is a large and self-expanding corpus of Norwegian newspaper texts. The collection of this dynamic and continually growing corpus began in 1998.	Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
The Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet printed an article about the "intolerance page".	Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
The biggest newspaper in Norway, Verdens Gang, prints a letter to the editor written by Joe Harrington and myself.	Verdens Gang is a Norwegian newspaper.
A number of undergraduate schools and colleges have also received it, as has the French Red-Cross, the abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes, and the French railway company SNCF.	The French railway company is called SNCF.
Note that SBB, CFF and FFS stand out for the main railway company, in German, French and Italian.	The French railway company is called SNCF.
At the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, Didrikson won gold medals in the javelin (Olympic record) and 80-meter hurdles (world record), along with a silver in the high jump (share of the world record).	2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
Beamon's jump was a world record that eclipsed the previous record by 21 3/4 inches. The jump still stands as an Olympic record, and stood as a world  record until Mike Powell leapt 29' 4 1/2" at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo.	2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
February 4, 2005, Iraq. With more than two-thirds of the 3.3 million votes counted in the Iraqi legislative election , the United Iraqi Alliance has a considerable lead over interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi List which trails with approximately 17% of the current tally.	The first free elections in Iraq were held in January 2005.
Taiwan's former president Lee Teng-hui , the spiritual leader of the pro-independence TSU , and Premier Frank Hsieh , a member of the Democratic Progressive Party , are also taking part in the march.	Chen Shui-bian is the new President of Taiwan.
The current President of Brazilian Central Bank, Henrique Meirelles, is accused of financial fraud among other accusations.	The current President of Honduras is Manuel Zelaya.
Geoscience Australia said the 5.3 quake did not generate a tsunami. The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, which had a magnitude of 9.0, triggered a series of lethal tsunamis on December 26, 2004 that killed over 270,000 people, making it the deadliest tsunami in recorded history.	A tsunami is a series of waves created when a body of water rapidly displaced on a massive scale.
Switzerland has ratified bilateral agreements with the members of the European Union in March 2004, but the new members (Cyprus , Czech Republic , Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) were not included in the deal.	Lithuania intends to introduce the use of the Euro as an official currency on January 1, 2007.
It is outstripped only by Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Finland and France, and thus ranks 7th in the 25-member European Union in terms of broadband Internet penetration.	12 members of the European Union use the Euro instead of their own national currencies.
The documents commented by the magazine date of April 25, 2002, epoch in which the Brazilian president was Fernando Henrique Cardoso.	The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Gamma ray bursts are some of the most powerful objects observed in the Universe and are thought to signal the birth of black holes. Swift is designed to detect the bursts and automatically re-orient itself to gather images and data of the phenomenon.	Gamma rays are forms of electromagnetic radiation.
Most recently, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice called North Korea an "outpost of tyranny" enraging Kim Jong-il , the leader of North Korea.	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice has expressed her anger after a meeting with Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , during which her aides and staff were mistreated by Sudanese security agents.	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
James Wilkinson, Ms. Rice's communications director, was shoved against a wall by guards as he tried to enter the meeting.	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
Romania currently supplies one of the world's largest contingents of troops in Iraq, with nearly 1000 people.	Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
Don Brash leader of the New Zealand National Party said that the White Crusaders of the Racial Holy War are "a small, fascist underbelly, hell-bent on causing division and destroying New Zealand's egalitarian ethos.".	Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
Alternately known as brash, emotional and brilliant, the maverick Kasparov could be a formidable opponent in the realm of politics.	Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
NASA's Saturn exploration spacecraft, Cassini , has discovered an atmosphere about the moon Enceladus . This is the first such discovery by Cassini, other than Titan , of the presence of an atmosphere around a Saturn moon.	Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
The beleaguered Euro-Disney theme park outside Paris is doing so poorly it might have to close unless it gets help soon from its lenders, the chairman of Walt Disney Co. said in an interview published Friday.	Euro-Disney is a theme park outside Paris.
The Pharos, a monumental lighthouse built around 280 BC and standing 330 ft high, lit the entrance to Alexandria harbour for centuries, but archeologists have never been able to identify positively any remains.	The Pharos Lighthouse was located in Alexandria.
The Pharos, a monumental lighthouse built around 280 BC and standing 330 ft high, lit the entrance to Alexandria harbour for centuries, but archeologists have never been able to identify positively any remains.	The Pharos Lighthouse was built around 280 BC.
Lin Piao, after all, was the creator of Mao's "Little Red Book" of quotations.	Lin Piao wrote the "Little Red Book".
New Delhi: More than 100 Nobel prize winners, two US congressmen, and leading labour organizations have expressed concern over threats against the life of Kailash Satyarthi, India's leading opponent of child labour.	Kailash Satyarthi, India's leading opponent of child labour.
The hurdler suspended in 1993 for taking the anabolic steroid Nandrolone was cleared after a three judge arbitration panel ruled that the case against her could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt .	Nandrolone is a steroid.
Even while accepting the Russian plan, IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus noted that the efficiency of Russia's State Taxation Service "is declining rapidly.".	Michel Camdessus is managing director of IMF.
Madrid: Luis Roldan, the former Spanish chief of police who fled the country 10 months ago after allegedly hiving off millions of pounds from secret government funds, was on his way home to a prison cell last night after being captured in Bangkok.	Luis Roldan was director of police from 1986 to 1993.
When the Berlin Wall fell in early November, 1989 Berlin's east and west sections were rejoined to create the third-largest city in Europe , with a population of about 3 million.	The Berlin Wall was torn down in November, 1989.
Rolf Ekeus the Swedish diplomat who chairs the commission said that while Baghdad had been cooperative in helping his panel establish procedures for monitoring and verifying the weapons destruction it is unclear how the Iraqis will react once the system is in operation .	Rolf Ekeus is a Swedish diplomat.
Heaney had joined 'a distinguished group of Irishmen , who have been honoured with this prize for their contribution to Irish literature in the twentieth century.'.	Heaney was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1995.
For the case of Aldrich Hazen (Rick) Ames , and his Colombian-born wife , Maria del Rosario Casas Ames arrested by the FBI on charges that they were Russian spies , is so rich in mysteries , puzzles , riddles and contradictions that the answers may never be untangled even as the CIA's counterintell.	Aldrich Hazen Ames is married to Rosario Casas Ames.
Fest : "In the Name of the Father" an Academy Award contender starring Daniel Day-Lewis as a man wrongly convicted for an IRA bombing, won the Golden Bear Award for best picture Monday at the Berlin International Film Festival.	The Berlin International Film Festival awards the Golden Bear.
Since independence and the blood bath of partition , in which an estimated 15 million people were uprooted and 200,000 died , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , two over possession of Kashmir .	India and Pakistan have fought three wars for the possession of Kashmir.
Bukowski attracted the attention of John Martin who founded Black Sparrow Press in 1965 specifically to publish him.	John Martin is the founder of Black Sparrow Press.
New Zealand film director Peter Jackson is to make a 264-million-New Zealand-dollar (133 million U.S. dollars) trilogy based on Tolkien's fantasy classic "Lord of The Rings," the local TV station reported Tuesday evening.	Tolkien wrote the fantasy epic called "Lord of the Rings".
We look at the cool relationship between these two establishment families and how the party would fare with the son, Texas Gov. George W. Bush, and the wife, Elizabeth Dole, on the 2000 campaign trail.	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.
Colin L. Powell and Laura Bush, wife of Gov. George W. Bush, are to speak on the opening night in Philadelphia, while the Democrats have tentative plans to have President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton address the delegates on the first night in Los Angeles.	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.
Nepali mountaineer Ang Rita Sherpa last week broke his own record of the number of climbing Mt. Everest.	Alison Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen.
Not counting the 1986 catastrophe at Chernobyl, where the nuclear reactors are of a different design, the industry has so far succeeded.	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
The Titanic sank in 1912 after striking an iceberg on its maiden voyage from Southampton, England, to New York.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
More than 1,500 people died when the Titanic sank in 1912.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
In the early hours of April 15, 1912, the British luxury liner Titanic sank in the North Atlantic off Newfoundland, less than three hours after striking an iceberg.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
The recovery of the capsule, which carried astronaut Virgil "Gus" Grissom on a brief suborbital flight on July 21, 1961, took place on the 30th anniversary of mankind's first moon landing.	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
Thirty years ago [1969], Neil Armstrong took humanity's first small step on the moon, declaring it "one giant leap for mankind" only to have the space program retreat to tinkering in low Earth orbit.	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
"If we could put a man on the moon within decades back in the 1960s, I think we can eliminate TB if we develop the will to do so" said O'Brien, who called for a significant investment for the research, particularly the large field trials necessary to demonstrate efficacy.	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
In "Killing the Dream: James Earl Ray and the Assassination of Martin Luther King, JR.", by Gerald Posner (Harvest/Harcourt Brace, $15), the writer who attacked Kennedy conspiracy theories in "Case Closed" takes on Ray's claim of innocence in the 1968 murder of King.	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Polish-born Pope John Paul II, credited for inspiring Poland's return to democracy after more than 40 years of communism, is expected to dedicate the church during his visit next summer.	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Unwilling to surrender his dream of beginning a Holy Land pilgrimage in Iraq, Pope John Paul II made a "virtual pilgrimage" Wednesday to Ur, the ancient city that is traditionally held to be the birthplace of Abraham.	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died.	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
On Jan. 27, 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria.	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Standing off to one side, seeing all and hearing Mozart's music, which only he understands to be a manifestation of God's love, is Antonio Salieri, the ambitious Italian-born composer and conductor, a favorite at the imperial court in Vienna in 1781.	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Moreau, 72, received a Golden Bear award for lifetime achievement at the Berlin Film Festival Friday.	The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
The Fifth Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Festival, to be held in southeast city of Kunming from October 9 to 13, will feature award-giving ceremonies, film exhibitions, as well as business exchanges.	The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
President Bill Clinton on Tuesday passed the leadership of the Democratic Party to Vice President Al Gore, describing his deputy as the right person to be the first U.S. President of the 21st century.	Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
He has borrowed a clutch of bright ideas from Bill Clinton's favorite think-tank, the Democratic Leadership Council, and endorsed Medicare reforms suggested by one of the Democratic Party's brightest luminaries, Louisiana's John Breaux.	Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
Out of the seven expeditions who were permitted to climb the 8586-meter high Mt. Kanchenjunga, only one climber from the United States succeeded.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
A seven-member Tibetan mountaineering team conquered the 8,586-meter Mt. Kanchenjunga, the third highest peak of the world, the Chinese mountaineering association confirmed here on Sunday.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
The 10-men team is expected to arrive at the foot of the mountain in the end of April and began their journey to the 8,586-meter peak in early May.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
The new moon, which is only about 25 miles in diameter, was actually photographed 13 years ago by the Voyager 2.	The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
The newly suggested distance is much closer than the present positions at 2,870,972,200 kilometers from the sun for Uranus and 4,498,252,900 kilometers for Neptune.	The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
Mars has the smallest confirmed moon, Deimos, which is about 7.5 miles in diameter.	The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
Io is 2,236 miles (3,598 kilometers) in diameter, slightly larger than the Earth's moon.	The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
Salma Hayek drew a crowd in Veracruz, Mexico, at the July 8 premiere of 'Nobody Writes to the Colonel', a movie based on a short novel by Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
He is like some great writers, from Charles Dickens to William Faulkner to Gabriel Garcia Marquez: the insistence on the value of the local leads to the universal.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
Two prominent scientists have made guest appearances on the show, paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould and Stephen Hawking, the theoretical physicist whose brilliance has been compared with Einstein's.	Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
"For Japanese yakuza, the most important thing is staying alive, and making money is second," the yakuza said.	Yakuza are the Japanese mafia.
Munir Mezyed, a poet and critic, aroused the sentiments and emotions of the audience when he recited his smooth flowing poetry both in Arabic and English, which demonstrated his unique and overwhelming style.	Gotthold Ephraim Lessing lived from 1729 to 1781.
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano, Japan; the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia and the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in the Salt Lake City, the United States, respectively.	Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Hodler claimed there were also irregularities in the campaigns organized by Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Games, Sydney for the Summer Olympics in 2000 and Salt Lake City for the 2002 Winter Games.	Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
The stupendous power of the Tevatron made possible the 1995 discovery of the top quark - the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.	The top quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
The bet, which won him dinner for four, was regarding the existence and mass of the top quark, an elementary particle discovered in 1995.	The Top Quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
Within trillionths of a second after the Big Bang, they have reasoned, the primordial explosion - many billions of degrees hot - must have created a universe that contained equal quantities of matter and antimatter.	The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
According to Naeye, the newfangled telescopes will be able to peer so far back in space and, thus, time that they "will see the first galaxies assembling a few hundred million years after the Big Bang.".	The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
Jackson also found the company maintained its Windows monopoly by setting deals with computer makers to promote Microsoft products over those from rival software makers.	Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
Hoping to loosen Microsoft's ironclad grip on the personal computer desktop, a tiny Seattle company will unveil an onscreen menu bar Monday that bypasses Windows with direct links to programs and the Internet.	Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
Qatar and Oman are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, GCC, which also groups Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
Both Bahrain and Qatar are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), but they have a territorial dispute that has led to Bahrain's boycott of the GCC summit convened in the Qatari capital of Doha on December 7-9.	The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
Egypt, Syria and the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, namely Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, signed the Damascus Declaration after the 1991 Gulf War to create a mechanism aimed at guaranteeing security in the Gulf region.	The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
Among Stellafane's most ardent partisans is David H. Levy, co-discoverer with Dr. Eugene Shoemaker of a comet named for the two that broke apart in 1994 as it was drawn toward Jupiter, creating fireworks visible from Earth.	The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and an astronomer David H. Levy.
The National Park Trust identified 20 high-priority sites - including the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina and Virginia and Everglades National Park in Florida - as areas with private property that could be sold.	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
Many hopes are riding on the sale of Talisman's holdings in Palm Beach and Hendry counties, which Vice President Al Gore announced with much fanfare last year at the 50th anniversary of Everglades National Park.	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
The expulsion of Albanians, which has distracted NATO with a parallel relief operation, has only served to harden the resolve of NATO's 19 members, who are now willing to approve attacks on more sensitive targets, like Milosevic's homes and Yugoslavia's state-run television.	NATO has 16 members.
Foreign Ministers of the 16 NATO member countries met early this morning with their Russian counterpart, Yevgeny Primakov, in Berlin in a bid to improve NATO-Russia relations.	The NATO has 16 members.
Sotheby's and Christie's, the world's two most powerful auction houses, swapped confidential lists of super-rich clients who were spared from paying fees charged to other sellers, people close to the companies and to a federal antitrust investigation of them said.	Christie's is one of the world's largest auction houses.
Police in Rio de Janeiro arrested five men and recovered millions of dollars worth of art stolen earlier this month, including works by Salvador Dali and Henri Matisse. Police recovered all the stolen art except two Chinese ceramic sculptures from the 7th Century and a collection of silverware.	Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
Stolen Warhol works recovered: Amsterdam police said Wednesday that they have recovered stolen lithographs by the late U.S. pop artist Andy Warhol worth more than $1 million. Dali's paintings are still missing.	Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
Two portraits, one by Reynolds, the other by Gainsborough, since 1990 among the most looked-after works in the Art Loss Register database, were recovered this week when they were brought into Sotheby's for evaluation. Also a lithograph by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch, stolen from an Oslo art gallery in April, has been recovered, news reports said today.	These two portraits and a lithography by Edvard Munch were recovered using the Art Loss Register database.
Mr David Herman, head of GM's local operations accused Mr Gerhardt Schroeder, prime Minister of Lower Saxony and a member of the VW supervisory board, of trying to use his political weight to influence the investigations by state prosecutors in Hesse into claims of industrial espionage against GM.	Gerhardt Schroeder was accused of helping VW.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.	African elephants are endangered by ivory poachers.
Amsterdam police said Wednesday that they have recovered stolen lithographs by the late U.S. pop artist Andy Warhol worth more than $1 million.	Police recovered 81 Andy Warhol lithographs.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.	An international convention banned trade in ivory.
Besides producing this riverine sea, the deluge also nourishes the largest stretch of rain forest left on Earth. One-third of the remaining rain forest was in the Amazon basin and fires had consumed about 10% of it, an area twice the size of California.	The Amazon rain forest is a vast area in South America.
Sheriff's officials said a robot could be put to use in Ventura County, where the bomb squad has responded to more than 40 calls this year.	Police use robots for bomb-handling.
The researchers in the latest study fed one group of mice a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat. The diet started when the mice, all males, were 1 year old, which is middle-age in mouse longevity. As expected, the mice soon developed signs of impending diabetes, with grossly enlarged livers, and started to die much sooner than mice fed a standard diet.	At the age of one year, male mice were fed with a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat.
In addition to data bases and publicity, stolen art is recovered when someone seeks appraisal or offers it for sale to dealers or auction houses, responds to a reward offer, attempts to remove it through customs, or requests a ransom for the art.	Centralized inventory records for museums aid in theft awareness.
French police recovered five masterpieces stolen from Paris Museum last Summer including a small work by Renoir.	Five masterpieces, including a Renoir, were recovered when the thief confessed.
Art experts said on Monday, that there was an astounding haul from Boston's Gardner Museum -- possibly the biggest art theft in US history.	The biggest art theft in US history was the theft of a dozen works from Boston's Gardner Museum.
"The Herald is now pleased that Kennedy can vigorously pursue a re-examination of the Iraq war and how to extricate our nation from it. Speaking seriously, I'll take this change of heart as a sobering indication that all of us, wherever we stand on the liberal-conservative continuum, are deeply concerned about the damaging impacts of the Iraq war and are looking for ways to work together to resolve it as soon as possible.".	All are deeply concerned about the damage of the Iraq war and are looking for ways to resolve it.
For example, if you want to find out what the weather in your area will be like for the next five days, select the weather channel from the main multiscreen and you will find detailed forecasts and other weather news. Or if your team has been in action, you can read the top headlines for your chosen sport by keying in 300 on your handset - just as you would on Ceefax.	The weather channel gives you information about the weather in the next few days.
Volkswagen should start to co-operate fully with the investigation by public prosecutors of the alleged theft of secret documents from General Motors.	German officials began investigating VW for theft.
An initial bid to prevent seven former employees of GM from working for Volkswagen for 12 months was thrown out by a Frankfurt court.	All charges of anti-competitive staff poaching were later dismissed.
Some passengers were escorted off the ship in wheelchairs by crew wearing blue gloves.	Wheelchairs were used to lead passengers off the ship.
The investigation involving Mr Lopez and three associates are primarily concerned with suspicions of the systematic theft of secrets.	Seven other GM executives left with Lopez.
The VW chief has been under intense pressure from the Bonn government and colleagues in German industry to seek conciliation following his outspoken statements last, which were widely seen as damaging Germany's reputation.	Germany is concerned about the effect of the court investigations on domestic economic and political affairs.
Mr Piech dismissed suggestions that VWs actions in hiring away Mr Lopez and his seven colleagues from GM had caused widespread dismay in German industry, and was at odds with the style of German business.	Piech got nationalistic in his accusations.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests.	A US probe of the investigation started at the instigation of the Commerce Department.
Yunus, who shared the 1.4 million prize Friday with the Grameen Bank that he founded 30 years ago, pioneered the concept of "microcredit." It allows very poor people, who don't qualify for traditional loans, to get loans of as little as a few dollars without collateral. The banks' shareholders are the impoverished people it supports.	Yunus founded the Grameen Bank 30 years ago.
As his jubilant nation cheered, Yunus told reporters in the capital of Dhaka that he wants "to work to create some more new things in the world" and would use the award money to start a company to produce inexpensive yet nutritious food for poor people and set up an eye hospital to treat impoverished patients.	Yunus wants to start a company.
Following a steady flow of leaks and statements on apparently incriminating discoveries, her office has been gagged by senior legal authorities.	Because of leaks, a gag was placed on Holland's office.
The prize is named after Alfred Nobel, a pacifist and entrepreneur who invented dynamite in 1866. Nobel left much of his wealth to establish the award, which has honoured achievements in physics, chemistry, medicine, literature and efforts to promote peace since 1901.	Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866.
Mr Ferdinand Piech said that the German company did not have any confidential plans or documents about GM's ultra-low-cost factory project.	Documents included secret plans for a new factory.
Witnesses allegedly hear and see documents being shredded all night long by Jorge Alvarez Aguirre and Rosario Piazza, two ex-Opel men who had followed their leader to VW.	People leaving GM with Lopez included Jose Gutierrez, Jorge Alvarez Aguirre, and Rosario Piazza.
Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries, suffered a devastating drought and famine in 1974, which killed 1.5 million people. While trying to help starving villagers, he met a 21-year-old woman named Sufia Begum, who was burdened by a tiny yet crushing debt, Yunus recalled in his autobiography, "Banker to the Poor.".	1.5 million people were killed during the drought and famine devastation in 1974 in Bangladesh.
To break the grinding cycle of debt and poverty, Yunus loaned $27 to Begum and more than 40 of her neighbours in the village of Joba. He allowed them to pay him back over the next year as their businesses started to produce stable profits.	Some people in the village of Joba received loans from Yunus.
Argentina and Britain announced an agreement Thursday to restore full diplomatic ties nearly eight years after they fought a 74-day war over the Falkland islands.	Full diplomatic relations were re-established in 1990.
The borrowers must form five-member groups that, along with the bank's field workers, closely supervise the loans. Peer pressure substitutes for collateral because the group's first two borrowers have to start repaying the principal plus interest over a six-week period before the other members can take out loans. The interest rate is fixed at 16 percent.	The first two borrowers must start repaying the principal plus interest over a six-week period.
A Belgian policeman posing as an art dealer in Brussels arrested three Swedes.	Three Swedes were arrested in a Belgian police sting operation.
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of hundreds of ancient Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New York 11 years ago was arrested Thursday at his South Los Angeles home, where he had been hiding the antiquities.	A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New York was arrested.
Norwegian police released one of three people arrested when Edvard Munch's painting 'The Scream', stolen from the National Gallery in Oslo, was found.	Norwegian police arrested three people for the theft of Munch's painting, 'The Scream'.
Reward offers have led to recovery of stolen art.	Some stolen art is recovered through offered rewards.
In France, art dealers are obliged by law to register all purchases except those bought at a public auction.	In France, works of art bought at public auction are exempt from registration.
The official visit of the Argentine minister marks a further step in the normalisation of UK-Argentine relations.	Relations between Argentina and Great Britain are growing more cooperative.
Argentina remains one of 17 countries still banning British cattle for breeding because of the outbreak of mad cow disease in 1980s.	Refusal of Argentina to buy cattle created new tensions between the two countries.
The industrial espionage case involving GM and VW began with the hiring of Jos Ignacio Lopez, an employee of GM subsidiary Adam Opel, by VW as production director.	There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
Argentina sought help from Britain on its privatization program and encouraged British investment.	Argentina sought UK expertise on privatization and agriculture.
Philip Morris said it sold 201 bn cigarettes world-wide during the quarter.	Philip Morris said it sold 201 billion cigarettes worldwide during the third quarter of 1994.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests.	President Clinton thinks that industrial espionage is a threat to America's well being.
PM tried to buy the Belin biscuit company from RJR Nabisco two years ago.	American tobacco companies began to diversify production.
GM has initiated criminal investigations in Germany and the US on the basis of their suspicions that Mr Lopez and his team stole confidential information before defecting to VW in March.	Lopez took documents from GM to VW.
By buying local companies, Philip Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future moves east.	American tobacco companies used state tobacco monopoly liberalization.
GM established grounds for suspicion of industrial spying by presenting affidavits from its employees. The aim will be to determine if VW's project was copied from GM data - essential if industrial espionage is to be proved.	There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
In Russia, BAT is setting up a joint venture with Yava, Moscow's largest cigarette factory.	BAT acquired production interests in the Ukraine, Hungary and Russia.
Although Philip Morris was selling its cigarettes at lower prices in the US, the increased volumes helped lift operating income in the domestic tobacco division by 25.1 per cent to Dollars 858m.	PM cut US prices to restore Marlboro's US standing.
PM has now firm projects which include a stake in a joint venture called Constellation in Samara involving the city's main tobacco factory.	PM acquired three Russian factories.
American tobacco companies were showing a profit most quarters due to export sales of cigarettes and diversification of products sold including food.	PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and food.
So far the British have preferred a policy of a voluntary approach to restricting advertising and high taxes on tobacco products.	Sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Argentina's campaign to re-establish itself as a trustworthy trading partner was boosted yesterday with the underwriting of a Dollars 9.5m buyer credit by Britain's Export Credit Guarantee Department.	Britain's Export Credit Guarantee Department underwrites loans to Argentina.
Political change in eastern Europe and the removal of trade barriers in the Far East have given the four multinationals-Philip Morris, BAT Industries, R J Reynolds and Rothmans International-access to big potential new markets.	Trade liberalisation happened in China.
Argentina was still obsessed with the Falkland islands even in 1994, 12 years after its defeat in the 74-day war with Britain.	The Falklands War took place in 1982.
The deal marks the second foray into Lithuania by Philip Morris which in April beat British American Tobacco to acquire the Klaipeda Tobacco company for Dollars 40m - the biggest western investment in the Baltic states so far.	The acquisition of the Klaipeda Tobacco company is the biggest investment in the Baltic states.
Argentina announced that it has decided to lift financial and trade restrictions on imports from Britain that were imposed during the 1982 Falklands conflict.	Argentina lifted restrictions on British imports.
UK foreign secretary Douglas Hurd will meet President Carlos Menem in Argentina next week.	Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd visited Argentina.
Britain agreed to lift by March 31 a 150-mile military protection zone enforced around the islands since Argentina invaded them in 1982.	The military protection zone around Falklands was lifted.
Most of the mines are in arid areas and animals searching for water are attracted to the cyanide-laced holding ponds that are an integral part of the mining operations.	Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
The dam covering what used to be its football pitch fill up with millions of tons of poisonous mining waste.	Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
The exchanges resulted in greatly improved financial, oil, fisheries, and military issues, but Great Britain consistently refused to address the issue of sovereignty over the Falklands.	Great Britain continues to refuse to discuss sovereignty issues.
One of Argentina's top Falkland negotiators said Mr Hurd's visit the first by a cabinet minister since the 1982 Falklands conflict meant we are on our way to a broader richer relationship in which the islands are only a part of the relationship not the only issue.	Relations between Argentina and Great Britain are growing more cooperative.
The mine would operate nonstop seven days a week and use tons of cyanide each day to leach the gold from crushed ore.	A weak cyanide solution is poured over it to pull the gold from the rock.
Military ties between the two countries have been governed officially by an arms embargo imposed by Britain on Argentina.	Britain has maintained an arm embargo.
Relations between Argentina and Britain were soured again last May when Britain decided to extend territorial waters to 200 miles around South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.	Britain angered Argentina.
The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters- provided they acknowledge that any oil extracted belongs to Britain.	The British indicated readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields.
RJ Reynolds Tobacco announced yesterday that it plans to build a factory in Turkey to produce cigarettes by late 1993.	RJR built factories in Turkey.
Hydrogen cyanide is used in manufacturing chemicals such as tryptophan and other amino acids.	Cyanide is used in the production of pharmaceuticals.
Philip Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany, Italy, France, Spain, central and eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, Japan, Korea, Argentina and Brazil.	Philip Morris made market gains in Russia.
Although the domestic markets for cigarettes in America in the 1990s was greatly reduced due to bans on advertising, smoking in public places and health warnings, American tobacco companies were showing a higher profit.	Cigarette sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Philip Morris the US food and tobacco group that makes Marlboro, the world's best-selling cigarette, shrugged off strong anti-smoking sentiment in the US.	Philip Morris owns the Marlboro brand.
Two brothers who operated a North Hollywood plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty Thursday and must serve jail time for recklessly handling and storing hazardous materials.	A California company was charged with reckless storage of chemicals.
The United Nations last night elected eight judges for the international war crimes tribunal that will try those accused of murders and other atrocities in former Yugoslavia since 1991.	11 judges in the Yugoslavia war tribunal were sworn in at the World court.
Gold mining operations in California and Nevada use cyanide to extract the precious metal.	Cyanide is used in gold mining.
At a low-key ceremony, Albanian and British officials agreed to bury all outstanding differences caused by the 'Corfu Channel incident'.	The dispute between Albania and the UK about the Corfu incident lasted a long time.
Known as "heap leach" mining, the method has become popular in the last decade because it enables microscopic bits of gold to be economically extracted from low-grade ore.	The mining industry uses a method known as heap leaching.
This is only the fourth time that the Security Council has imposed sanctions, the earlier cases being against Rhodesia, South Africa and, most recently, Iraq.	The Court endorsed U.N. sanctions against Libya.
The extension of the effective period of marketing exclusivity for drugs is designed to give pharmaceutical companies a fair return.	Prospective drugs must have long market life after regulatory approval in order to be developed.
Cancer Research Campaign signed a deal with a US pharmaceuticals company to develop a pioneering cancer treatment.	Other changes involve joint Research and Development programs with other companies.
Fishermen using the poison sodium cyanide have helped to destroy an estimated 70% of the reefs.	Cyanide fishing is linked to the destruction of area reefs.
Companies are working to reduce the interval between drug discovery and marketing.	Companies are working to shorten the new drug development period to an average of eight to nine years in the US.
The relocation has enabled the company to eliminate the use of cyanide and chrome in its plating work replacing it with a soaplike solution.	Soap-like alternatives exist.
Japanese drug makers are now trying to build comprehensive independent operations in research and development, production and marketing.	There are companies that have split the management of their Research and Development processes.
If toxic waste containg cyanide is not disposed of properly, it may drain into ponds, streams, sewers, and reservoirs.	Leaks into environment are caused by bad disposal of toxic waste containing cyanide.
A total of 79 per cent of people questioned in a survey agreed that adults suffering incurable illness should receive 'medical help to a peaceful death'.	In a poll of the American public, most people approved laws that allow life-support to be removed from a terminally ill patient.
Michaela Roeder, 31, was found guilty of six counts of manslaughter and mercy killing.	A German nurse was convicted of manslaughter and mercy killing of patients by lethal injection.
A doctor from Michigan helped an Oregon woman with Alzheimer's disease commit suicide.	Dr. Kevorkian assisted Janet Adkins to use his suicide device.
A plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty.	A plating company dumped cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system.
Waste in the ponds produced by leaching gold from ore is a source of potential environmental dangers.	Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
Janet Elaine Adkins, 54, used a controversial machine to commit suicide in Michigan.	An Alzheimer patient was in Michigan for an assisted suicide.
A brain-dead teenager was removed from life-support equipment after giving birth to a premature daughter.	Pregnant women are allowed to die after they deliver their babies.
More than 6,400 migratory birds and other animals were killed in Nevada by drinking water in the cyanide-laced ponds produced by gold mining operations.	Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known.	In most cases, the patient is comatose or mentally unable to communicate his/her feelings.
An Alzheimer's patient travelled 2,000 miles to commit suicide with the help of a doctor who built a device that gave her a lethal dose of chemicals.	The woman in the Kevorkian case injected lethal chemicals into her body.
State police investigators testified at a preliminary hearing that Delbert told them the death of the 64-year-old Billy was a mercy killing.	It was Delbert Ward who told authorities that he strangled his brother.
In one case five workers at a plating company were asphyxiated by hydrogen cyanide while trying to clean a sludge tank.	Cyanide fumes killed five workers cleaning one tank.
Cyanide is also used by Muru-ami fishermen in the Philippines to drive fish from the coral reefs.	Philippine fishermen use cyanide in fishing.
NUCOR, the leading US steel mini-mill group is to greatly expand production capacity at a plant in Crawfordsville, Indiana which has shaken up the industry by its use of a radical, new technology.	The new thin-casting process shook up the steel industry.
At the very outskirts of commerce, Baka pygmies in southeastern Cameroon use a cyanide compound to stun bees while raiding their nests for honey.	Cameroon honey gatherers use cyanide to stun bees.
THE presidents of Honduras and El Salvador were set yesterday to begin two days of talks in San Salvador, amid continuing tension in border areas.	Honduras and El Salvador entered a dispute over their borders.
Two British destroyers struck Albanian-laid mines while exercising their rights passing through the Corfu Channel.	The Corfu Channel incident was about a British destroyer sunk by Albania in the Corfu Channel.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans. African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers. Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.	The African elephant population was decimated by poachers.
Libya's case against Britain and the US concerns the dispute over their demand for extradition of Libyans charged with blowing up a Pan Am jet over Lockerbie in 1988.	One case involved the extradition of Libyan suspects in the Pan Am Lockerbie bombing.
For US pharmaceutical companies, the impending healthcare reforms promise an era of increased cost-containment and pricing controls.	The US government wants to keep drug prices down.
Tourists pay millions of dollars a year to come and see Africa 's wildlife and smugglers pay millions more in strictly illegal purchases of ivory and rhino horn from poachers.	African countries encourage keeping animals alive to attract tourists.
The owners of Phinda, the South African-based Conservation Corporation, could not have paid for a better advertisement for their philosophy of wildlife conservation: a people-based approach to conservation, which is slowly gaining ground in Africa as game reserves come under ever greater threat from hungry, poor and angry local populations.	The South African-based Conservation Corporation threatens the local population.
Drug development is an enormously complex and expensive process.	The Research and Development phase of creating a new drug is complicated.
Clinical trials involve 240 patients in 10 centres with each patient questioned three times.	Clinical trials involve an average of 200 patients per trial.
Conservationists fear that one of Namibia's most precious resources, its abundant wildlife and especially its threatened black rhinoceros, faces a major menace from poaching.	In Africa, rhinos are seriously endangered by poaching.
'Seeing that the decision to exploit oil in block 16 has been taken, we are now working to make the project as environmentally sustainable as possible,' says Danila Silva of EcoCiencia, an environmental research group.	Sustainable forestry and development techniques are being employed.
Since 1987, however, Brazil has taken steps to dramatically reduce the destruction, including stepped-up enforcement and the elimination of tax incentives that led to large-scale land clearing.	In the early 1990s Brazil began to take action to save the rainforest.
The chaotic development that is gobbling up the Amazon rain forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries and leading scientists from around the world.	The Amazon rainforest suffers from chaotic development.
Leakey believed Kenya's rich wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m (Pounds 308m) a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner.	African countries encourage keeping animals alive to attract tourists.
The law once required settlers to clear 80% of their land in two years to win ownership.	Before the late 1980's some nations even gave land and tax credit to individuals and companies slashing, burning, and exploiting the forest.
David Marshall, responsible for customer training at ABB Robotics in Milton Keynes, fervently hopes that the food, drinks and confectionery industry will become the next big market for robots.	Robots are used in the food industry, in general.
Mike Wilson, marketing manager at Fanuc Robotics in Coventry, says of the improvements in robot performance: 'Our new ARC Mate welding robot, for example, is 30 per cent cheaper in real terms than a similar model three years ago.	Welding is a common use for robots in the auto industry.
Despite this, even the most enthusiastic surgeons say it is likely to be several years before they would consider leaving a robot to operate on its own.	Robots are used to assist in a range of surgical procedures.
Strong competition in industries such as shipping has resulted in waves of investment in labour saving technology such as steel and aluminium cutting tools, processing machine and welding robots.	The automotive industry has seen advances in robotic metal cutting.
Picture a Janis Joplin robot sitting on a park bench talking about the Summer of Love, singing "Me and Bobby McGee" and introducing a David Bowie robot.	Robots serve as wax singers in the Rock Hall of Fame.
Contrary to what is happening in some other parts of the Amazon, where the forest is being slashed and burned at an alarming rate, those who want to save Acre's forest seem to be winning.	Slash and burn cycle of clearing causes many problems in the rainforest.
As Fiat shows off its robot-controlled inventory stacks in glossy advertisements and IBM switches off the lights in its automated warehouse in Greenock, it is clear that this Cinderella operation has a new set of high-tech glad rags.	Fiat, in particular, uses robots for inventory management.
The motor industry accounts for as much as 40 per cent of the 450,000 installed industrial robots worldwide but their use is changing and applications are expanding.	The most common use for robots is the manufacture of automobiles.
Now GMFanuc Robotics has perfected a robotic solution that is three times faster than manual spraying, can reproduce a spray pattern to an accuracy of 0.03 inch, and can be programmed easily to handle a wide range of garments.	Robots are used to spray dye on garments.
Bush withheld judgment Monday on rival calls to beef up or scale down U.S. troops in Iraq, and said angry protests in Indonesia against his Mideast policy were a healthy sign of democracy in the heavily Muslim nation.	Bush said that protests in Indonesia against his Mideast policy were a sign of democracy in the heavily Muslim nation.
The International Atomic Energy Agency report detailing the discovery also faulted Tehran for not cooperating with the U.N. watchdog's attempts to investigate other suspicious aspects of Iran s nuclear program.	Tehran did not cooperate with the U.N. watchdog's attempts to investigate suspicious aspects of Iran's nuclear program.
Iranian nuclear officials say 54,000 centrifuges would produce enough enriched uranium to fuel a 1,000-megawatt reactor, such as the one being built by Russia that is near completion at the southern city of Bushehr.	54,000 centrifuges would produce enough enriched uranium to fuel a 1,000-megawatt reactor.
The Arak plant, along with the discovery of a secret Iranian enrichment program in 2003, Tehran's refusal to cease uranium enrichment and findings by IAEA inspectors have increased suspicions about Iran s program.	Iran's program is under suspicion because of the findings by IAEA inspectors.
Mice given a substance found in red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet, a study shows.	Mice fed with red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet.
The IAEA board in February referred Iran to the Security Council, suggesting it had breached the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and might be trying to make nuclear weapons.	Iran might be trying to make nuclear weapons according to the IAEA board.
Mr Lopez Obrador has alleged electoral fraud cost him the presidency, despite a recount confirming Felipe Calderon as Mexico's president-elect.	Felipe Calderon won the presidential election of Mexico.
Mr Lopez Obrador, who lost July's presidential election by less than one percentage point, declared himself Mexico's "legitimate" president.	Mr Lopez Obrador didn't loose the presidential election in July.
Mr Lopez Obrador was "sworn in" by Senator Rosario Ibarra, a human rights activist and member of his party, who placed a red, green and white presidential sash across his shoulders.	Senator Rosario Ibarra is a human rights militant.
Mr Carstens left his job as IMF's deputy managing director last month to work with Mr Calderon, and will now lead efforts to push through market reforms and create more jobs.	Mr Carstens lost his job as IMF's deputy managing director last month.
Trade between China and India is expected to touch $20 bn this year and Chinese investors are now rushing into India - lured by the country's growing wealth.	There is a profitable trade between China and India.
Management at Huawei also feels that issues over security are hampering its progress - largely stemming from allegations, in 2001, that it was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.	Management at Huawei was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.
But Huawei says that expansion has not been easy - obtaining visas for its Chinese engineers to work on long-term projects in India being a particular challenge.	Chinese engineers working on long-term projects in India can easily obtain visas.
Thousands of troops are being deployed to secure the city of Bogor, where Bush is to hold talks with his Indonesian counterpart, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.	Bush is scheduled to visit the city of Bogor.
In an interview this week, the president said that Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld will be a valued part of his administration until his presidency comes to an end.	Dick Cheney is Vice President of the Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
Al-Qaida-linked militants have carried out a series of suicide bombings targeting Western interests in Indonesia since 2002.	Since 2002 Al-Qaida militants have tried to hit Western interests in Indonesia.
BEIRUT, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying.	Pierre Gemayel was murdered on a street in the suburb of Beirut.
Gemayel's assassination is almost certain to deepen the political crisis in Lebanon, which started after the resignation of six pro-Syrian ministers, two from Hezbollah, hours after all-party round table talks collapsed.	After the resignation of six pro-Syrian ministers a deep political crises started in Lebanon.
The crisis took a sharp turn for the worse after the cabinet, without the Syrian-backed ministers, approved the UN draft document for creation of an international tribunal in the case of ex-Premier Rafik Hariri's killing.	The crisis worsened after the UN draft document for the creation of an international tribunal was approved.
Former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, also a prominent anti-Syria political figure, was killed in a suicide bombing in February last year, which led to rising anti-Syrian waves and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon.	Syrian troops have been withdrawn from Lebanon after the murder of Rafik Hariri.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Dell Inc. plans to announce preliminary quarterly results after the market closes Tuesday, after last week delaying their release due to accounting complexities related to a regulatory probe.	Tuesday, preliminary quarterly results will be announced.
The Democrats' success in the 2006 elections means changes at the top in the House and Senate.	Democrats won the 2006 elections.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Tuesday that a Massachusetts judge had granted its motion to decertify a class action lawsuit accusing the world's largest retailer of denying employees breaks.	Employee breaks had been denied by a motion granted by a Massachusetts judge.
Aboard Air Force One, Nov. 22, 2006 President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will meet next week in Jordan to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Iraq.	Jordan will host the meeting between President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
Fourteen guests and five crew remained ill and in isolation when the ship arrived at Port Everglades, Fla., according to a statement from Carnival Cruise Lines, a brand of Carnival Corp.	The Carnival Cruise Lines is a brand of Carnival Corp.
Preliminary tests identified the source of the outbreak as the highly contagious norovirus, which had struck several guests just before they boarded the cruise Nov. 3 in Rome, Carnival officials said.	Norovirus is the source of the outbreak on the ship.
A Pentagon committee and the congressionally chartered Iraq Study Group have been preparing reports for Bush, and Iran has asked the presidents of Iraq and Syria to meet in Tehran.	Bush will meet the presidents of Iraq and Syria in Tehran.
Hadley said Jordan was chosen as the site of the meeting between Bush and al-Maliki because of its support for the unity government in Iraq and the fact that Bush would be in the region.	Bush will meet al-Maliki in Hadley.
"They brought us 7-Up, bottled water, ice and a diet of rice, though you didn't feel like eating," said Jim Lankes, 48, of Phoenix.	Jim Lankes was given bottles of waters, ice and rice.
A team from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control boarded the ship when it docked in St. Maarten to oversee the cleaning operation and try to determine what caused the outbreak, Carnival said.	The causes of the outbreak were searched for by a team from the U.S. CDC.
The pills were sold under store brands by Wal-Mart, CVS, Safeway and more than 120 other major retailers, the Food and Drug Administration said.	The pills were commercialized by major retailers.
The contaminated pills included metal fragments ranging in size from "microdots" to portions of wire one-third of an inch long, the FDA said.	The contaminated pills contained metal fragments.
Consumers who take any of the contaminated pills could suffer minor stomach discomfort or possible cuts to the mouth and throat, the FDA said, adding that the risk of serious injury was remote.	Contaminated pills could cause minor stomach discomfort or possible cuts to the mouth and throat.
The drug, along with aspirin and ibuprofen, is one of the most widely used pain relievers available without a doctor's note.	Aspirin is one of the most widely used pain relievers available without a doctor's note.
CVS will stop selling its own brand of 500-milligram acetaminophen caplets and pull bottles from store shelves nation wide, spokesman Mike DeAngelis said.	CVS will not sell its own brand of 500-milligram acetaminophen caplets any longer.
A company investigation turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector, according to the FDA.	The FDA turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector.
The voluntary recall is considered a Class II recall since it covers products that might cause a temporary health problem or pose only a slight threat of a serious nature, the FDA said.	A Class II recall covers products that might cause a temporary health problem.
Acetaminophen is best known as the drug in products sold under the Tylenol brand, but is widely available in typically less expensive generic versions.	Acetaminophen is produced by Tylenol.
PST Chittagong, Bangladesh-- Muhammad Yunus, Bangladesh's "Banker to the Poor" who provides loans to help millions of people fight poverty by starting businesses, has won the Nobel Peace Prize.	Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Prize for Peace.
Kevin Vincent, 44, of Arlington, Va., said his wife buys store brand acetaminophen and he wanted to find out more about the problem.	Kevin Vincent buys store brand acetaminophen.
The Nobel shines a spotlight on a form of "social capitalism" that has gained currency in recent years, propelled by high-profile supporters like former President Bill Clinton, rock star Bono and Microsoft founder Bill Gates.	President Bill Clinton is a supporter of "social capitalism".
Molly Walsh, 21, a George Washington University student shopping at a CVS pharmacy in Washington, D.C., said she didn't plan to toss any of the store-brand drugs at home that she'd bought to save money. Nor did she plan to stop buying the generic products.	Molly Walsh plans to stop buying the generic products.
"I've always said he's the closest I will ever come to meeting Gandhi, he's simply unmoved by any obstacle or any argument," said Bill Clapp, an heir to the Weyerhaeuser fortune and founder of Global Partnerships, a Seattle microfinance group that has partnered with Grameen in Central America.	Bill Clapp is the founder of the Global Partnerships.
The FDA would not say in which states the pills had been sold, but instead recommended that customers determine whether products they bought are being recalled by checking the store list on the FDA Web site, and the batch list. The batch numbers appear on the container's label.	The FDA provided a list of states in which the pills have been sold.
He tried to persuade a local banker to loan more money to the villagers, but the banker refused, insisting they didn't qualify for credit. So, Yunus started his own bank to help the poorest of the poor lift themselves up.	Yunus started his own bank to loan money to the villagers.
Most of Grameen Bank's borrowers use the small loans to start businesses by, for instance, buying a cow to produce milk, or a rickshaw, or materials to make cloth or pottery.	Grameen Bank's loans are used to buy a cow.
In 2003, Yunus brought the microcredit revolution to the streets of Bangladesh to support more than 50,000 beggars, whom the Grameen Bank respectfully calls Struggling Members.	Yunus supported more than 50,000 Struggling Members.
The Nobel committee said in a statement that "lasting peace cannot be achieved unless large population groups find ways in which to break out of poverty.".	The Nobel committee plans to help people break out of poverty.
While the House has been extremely active in passing bills addressing the key priorities of entrepreneurs, most of the legislation has hit a brick wall over in the Senate.	The House quickly passes bills addressing the priorities of entrepreneurs.
In August, Gates' foundation gave Yunus' Grameen Foundation 1.5 million for a program to extend its microfinance programs to 5 million more of the world's poorest families. Three years ago, tech entrepreneur Craig McCaw provided 2 million to start up the Grameen Technology Center, which is using microcredit to finance cheap mobile service for people in Uganda and Rwanda.	Gates' foundation extends its microfinance programs to 5 million more of the world's poorest families.
As a late September report by the Democrats points out, Republicans have done a poor job at getting their own small business bills through Congress even though they control both Houses and the White House.	Republicans control both Houses and the White House.
Yunus, who was nominated for the peace prize at least twice before, is the first person from Bangladesh, a country of 147 million, to win a Nobel Prize. His Nobel Prize is a rare bright light in a country struggling to defeat Islamic terrorists, and which is chronically inundated by floods and battered by storms that blow in from the Bay of Bengal. The country, formerly known as East Pakistan, is bordered by the Bay of Bengal, India and Burma.	Yunus is the first person to win a Nobel Prize.
The Hercules transporter plane which flew straight here from the first round of the trip in Pakistan, touched down and it was just a brisk 100m stroll to the handshakes.	The Hercules transporter plane made a flight to Pakistan.
The trip was about doing what he hasn't done for what many troops feel has been too long - visiting the thousands of servicemen and women fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.	Servicemen and women are fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.
Begum, who had to borrow to buy bamboo to make stools, received 25 cents a day from moneylenders. After giving them stools to pay off her debt, she was left with 2 cents a day, barely enough to feed herself.	Begum was not able to feed herself.
New Zealand's Qualifications Authority said Friday that it still strongly discourages students from using anything other than full English, but that credit will be given if the answer "clearly shows the required understanding," even if it contains text-speak.	Full English is recommended by New Zealand's Qualifications Authority.
Critics said the National Certificate of Educational Achievement or NCEA, the main qualification for high school students, would be degraded by the authority allowing text speak use in exams.	NCEA is the main qualification for high school students.
A U.S. soldier accused of participating in the rape of an Iraqi girl and then killing her and her family was sentenced to 90 years in jail on Thursday, media reports said.	A U.S. soldier was sentenced to 90 years in jail.
The soldier, James Barker, one of four American soldiers accused of raping the Iraqi girl and killing her family in the March 2006 incident, pleaded guilty on Wednesday to rape and murder in Fort Campbell, Kentucky.	James Barker is accused of raping an Iraqi girl and killing her family.
Three nurses in one of Vienna's oldest hospitals have been arrested on suspicion of killing 35 patients.	Three Vienna nurses are under suspicion for killing patients.
The BBC's Americas editor Will Grant says many Mexicans are tired of conflict and long for a return to normality.	Will Grant is researching a conflict with Mexicans.
Although he has enough of a support base to be able to create a mass civil disobedience movement, some analysts think that his campaign will be, at best, a thorn in Mr Calderon's side.	Mr Calderon is able to create a mass civil disobedience movement.
Of course, most of the tax cuts expire in 2010; only three years from when Rangel would take over as chair if Democrats win.	Democrats won the elections three years ago.
Democrat members of the Ways and Means Committee, where tax bills are written and advanced, do not have strong small business voting records.	Democrat members had strong small business voting records.
Maximo Rene Mendez in an apparent smuggling scheme died after doctors disconnected life-support equipment.	A cocaine-imbibing Miami man had life support removed.
Forty-five percent of the bills examined were bipartisan, and 85 percent of the reviewed bills had Republican lead sponsors. 8221; Small business owners are disappointed by the Republican track record, particularly the lack of productivity in the Senate.	The Senate is the least productive.
Attack helicopters, Chinooks, armoured vehicles, cranes and a fire engine encircled the group.	There was a Chinook attack.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known.	There is a Supreme Court decision about the removal of life-support.
"The word in the galley food queues is that we could do with more men, and the kit does keep wearing out, but that's due to the conditions here," said Corporal Martin Page.	Martin Page was sent on a mission to Afghanistan.
The fatal shooting of Steven Charles Jenkins, a terminally ill AIDS patient, by his friend Philip Lee Saylor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center has again focused attention on the problems of death and dying in our society.	Steven Jenkins was shot by a friend.
The steel division of Broken Hill Proprietary, the Australian resources group, and North Star steel, part of the privately-owned Cargill group in the US, are joining forces to build and operate a new steel mini-mill in the US Midwest.	Australia's Broken Hill Proprietary and the US's North Star Steel will build and operate one in the US Midwest.
Confident that those grading papers would understand answers written in text-speak, Haque stressed that in some exams, including English, text abbreviations would be penalized.	Haque wants to include English in some exams.
Iscor, the South African iron and steel manufacturer, has announced plans to develop a steel mini-mill at Saldanha Bay on the country's west coast in partnership with the state-run industrial development Corporation.	The South African steel manufacturer Iscor plans to develop a mini-mill.
Critics said the National Certificate of Educational Achievement or NCEA, the main qualification for high school students, would be degraded by the authority allowing text-speak use in exams.	The NCEA has been degraded by the authority.
Two other marines, Tyler Jackson and John Jodka III, have already pleaded guilty to aggravated assault and conspiracy to obstruct justice and were sentenced to 21 months and 18 months, respectively.	Tyler Jackson has been sentenced to 18 months.
US Steel could even have a technical advantage over Nucor since one new method of steel making it is considering, thin strip casting, may produce higher quality steel than the Nucor thin slab technique.	US Steel may invest in strip casting.
Claude Chabrol (born June 24, 1930) is a French movie director and has become well-known in the 40 years since his first film, Le Beau Serge , for his chilling tales of murder, including Le Boucher .	Le Beau Serge was directed by Chabrol.
Claude Chabrol (born June 24, 1930) is a French movie director and has become well-known in the 40 years since his first film, Le Beau Serge , for his chilling tales of murder, including Le Boucher .	Le Boucher was made by a French movie director.
Claude Chabrol divorced Agnes, his first wife, to marry the actress Stéphane Audran. His third wife is Aurore Paquiss.	Aurore Paquiss married Chabrol.
The Communist Party USA was a small Maoist political party which was founded in 1965 by members of the Communist Party around Michael Laski who took the side of China in the Sino-Soviet split.	Michael Laski was a member of a Maoist political party.
The Communist Party USA was a small Maoist political party which was founded in 1965 by members of the Communist Party around Michael Laski who took the side of China in the Sino-Soviet split.	Michael Laski was an opponent of China.
Born near Yirrkala in the Northern Territory, Yunupingu is one of the Gumatj clan of the Yolngu people.	Yunupingu is a member of the Yolngu people.
Sandra Goudie was first elected to Parliament in the 2002 elections, narrowly winning the seat of Coromandel by defeating Labour candidate Max Purnell and pushing incumbent Green MP Jeanette Fitzsimons into third place.	Sandra Goudie was defeated by Max Purnell.
Ms. Minton left Australia in 1961 to pursue her studies in London.	Ms. Minton was born in Australia.
Minton's first major part in England was as Maggie Dempster in the premiere of Nicholas Maw's One Man Show. Shortly thereafter, she became a regular member of the company of the Royal Opera House Covent Garden.	Maggie Dempster was a member of the company of the Royal Opera House Covent Garden.
Marcel Beaubien unsuccessfully sought election to the Canadian House of Commons as the Conservative candidate in the federal riding of Sarnia-Lambton in 2004.	Marcel Beaubien was elected to the Canadian House of Commons.
In the Super Nintendo Entertainment System release of the game as Final Fantasy III , Biggs' name was Vicks.	Final Fantasy III is produced by the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Judge Drew served as Justice until Kennon returned to claim his seat in 1945.	Kennon served as Justice.
In 1956 Accardo won the Geneva Competition and in 1958 became the first prize winner of the Paganini Competition in Genoa. He has recorded Paganini's famous 24 Caprices (re-recorded in 1999) for solo violin and was the first to record all six of the Paganini Violin Concertos.	Accardo composed 24 Caprices.
In 1956 Accardo won the Geneva Competition and in 1958 became the first prize winner of the Paganini Competition in Genoa.	Accardo won the Paganini Competition in Genoa.
Dawson is currently a Professorial Fellow at the University of Melbourne, and an Adjunct Professor at Monash University.	Dawson teaches at Monash University.
David Golinkin is the editor or author of eighteen books, and over 150 responsa, articles, sermons and books.	Golinkin has written eighteen books.
David Golinkin is single-handedly responsible for uncovering and re-publishing dozens of responsa of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly, making them available to the general public in a three-volume set.	David Golinkin is the author of dozen of responsa of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly.
Ryo Okumoto (born in Osaka, Japan) is a keyboardist, best known for his work with progressive rock group Spock's Beard.	The rock group Spock's Beard comes from Japan.
During Reinsdorf's 24 seasons as chairman of the White Sox, the team has captured American League division championships three times, including an AL Central title in 2000.	Reinsdorf was the chairman of the White Sox for 24 seasons.
During Reinsdorf's 24 seasons as chairman of the White Sox, the team has captured American League division championships three times, including an AL Central title in 2000.	The White Sox have won 24 championships.
Major League Baseball and its clubs have purchased more than $260 million in goods and services from minority and women-owned businesses.	Major League Baseball and its clubs have bought minority and women-owned businesses.
Anu Kepa was married for many years to Ro Teimumu Kepa, an Adi (Fijian chief) and politician in her own right. They had four children: Filipe, Sailosi, Jr., Asenaca, and Tupoutu'a.	Anu Kepa served a Fijian chief.
Kepa was married for many years to Ro Teimumu Kepa, an Adi (Fijian chief) and politician in her own right. They had four children: Filipe, Sailosi, Jr., Asenaca, and Tupoutu'a.	Kepa was the father of four children.
Sean Brown (born November 5, 1976 in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada) is a National Hockey League utility player and enforcer.	Sean Brown plays in the National Hockey League.
Born in Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, Brockwell played his county cricket for the very strong Surrey side of the last years of the 19th century.	Brockwell was born in Surrey.
Born in Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, Brockwell played his county cricket for the very strong Surrey side of the last years of the 19th century.	Brockwell was born in the last years of the 19th century.
Crime in Choir is an instrumental progressive rock band from San Francisco. The founding lineup in the fall of 2000 consisted of Kenny Hopper, an early member of At the Drive-In, Jeff Hunt and Zach Hill of Hella.	Jeff Hunt was a member of At the Drive-In.
Natta was confirmed as leader of the PCI during the Florence congress in 1986, but in 1988 he was forced to resign by a heart attack and was succeeded by Achille Occhetto.	Achille Occhetto was a leader of the PCI.
Natta, along with Cossutta, strongly opposed Occhetto's proposal in the historic "Bolognina split" to change the party's name .	Cossutta was an opponent of Occhetto.
KOOG was Utah's first Pax affiliate, and changed its call letters to KUPX in February 1998.	KUPX was an affiliate of KOOG.
Upon receiving his Ph.D., Wetherill became a staff member at Carnegie's Department of Terrestrial Magnetism (DTM) in Washington, D.C. He originated the concept of the Concordia Diagram for the uranium-lead isotopic system.	Wetherill was the inventor of the concept of the Concordia Diagram.
Rising in the Blackdown Hills just inside the border of Somerset the River Otter flows for some 32 kilometers finally reaching the sea at Budleigh Salterton.	Budleigh Salterton is located in Somerset.
The Gaspé Peninsula or just the Gaspé ( la Gaspésie in French) is a North American peninsula on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River, in Quebec.	The Gaspé Peninsula is located in Quebec.
A Revenue Cutter, the ship was named for Harriet Lane, niece of President James Buchanan, who served as Buchanan's White House hostess.	Harriet Lane owned a Revenue Cutter.
A Revenue Cutter, the ship was named for Harriet Lane, niece of President James Buchanan, who served as Buchanan's White House hostess.	Harriet Lane was a relative of President James Buchanan.
A Revenue Cutter, the ship was named for Harriet Lane, niece of President James Buchanan, who served as Buchanan's White House hostess.	Harriet Lane worked at the White House.
She was transferred again to Navy when the American Civil War began, 1861.	The American Civil War started in 1861.
Landowska was responsible for the composition of several other new pieces of music for the instrument, notably Manuel de Falla's harpsichord concerto and his El retablo de Maese Pedro (at the premiere of which, at the salon of Winnaretta Singer, Poulenc and Landowska met for the first time).	Landowska is the inventor of the harpsichord.
Robinson's garden style can be seen today at Gravetye Manor, West Sussex, England, though it is more manicured than it was in Robinson's time.	Gravetye Manor belongs to Robinson.
Robinson's garden style can be seen today at Gravetye Manor, West Sussex, England, though it is more manicured than it was in Robinson's time.	Gravetye Manor is located in West Sussex.
Robinson left his native Ireland in 1861 to take up a job at the Botanical Gardens of Regents Park, London, and then worked for the leading horticultural firm of Veitch.	Robinson was born in Ireland.
Robinson became a fellow of the Linnaean Society at the age of 29 and a successful gardening correspondent of The Times .	Robinson was a member of the Linnaean Society.
He wrote many books, including two particularly influential ones, The Wild Garden, and The English Flower Garden; his lifelong friend Gertrude Jekyll contributed some sections.	Gertrude Jekyll co-authored The Wild Garden.
The first meeting between Robinson and Gertrude Jekyll was in 1875; they were in accord in their design principles and maintained a close friendship and professional association for over 50 years.	Robinson was a business partner of Gertrude Jekyll.
British Airways Ltd was first formed as Allied British Airways in October, 1935 by the merger of Spartan Air Lines and United Airways. It rapidly acquired Hillman's Airways, adopted its definitive name, and transferred its UK base to the new Gatwick Airport.	Spartan Air Lines acquired United Airways.
British Airways Ltd was first formed as Allied British Airways in October, 1935 by the merger of Spartan Air Lines and United Airways. It rapidly acquired Hillman's Airways, adopted its definitive name, and transferred its UK base to the new Gatwick Airport.	Hillman's Airways was sold to British Airways.
The Crathes castle served as the ancestral seat of the Burnetts of Leys until gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the 13th Baronet of Leys, Sir James Burnett in 1951.	Sir James Burnett was the owner of the Crathes castle.
The Crathes castle served as the ancestral seat of the Burnetts of Leys until gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the 13th Baronet of Leys, Sir James Burnett in 1951.	The Crathes caste was bought by the National Trust for Scotland.
The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near-Eastern Studies is a study center for Brigham Young University situated on Mount Scopus in East Jerusalem.	The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near-Eastern Studies is located in Jerusalem.
Brigham Young University began its Jerusalem study program in 1968, first at the City Hotel in East Jerusalem.	Brigham Young University was founded in 1968.
A major controversy sparked in Israel and in the Jewish world as a whole, leading to careful diplomatic negotiations between the LDS Church and Jewish leaders, to ensure that the LDS Church would not use the Center as a base to proselytize in the Jewish State.	The LDS Church was banned from Israel.
Oscar Chisini (born March 4, 1889 in Bergamo, died April 10, 1967 in Milan) was an Italian mathematician. He introduced the Chisini mean in 1929.	Oscar Chisini died in 1967.
In 1929 he founded the Institute of Mathematics ( Istituto di Matematica ) at the University of Milan, along with Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti.	The Institute of Mathematics is based in Milan.
In 1929 he founded the Institute of Mathematics ( Istituto di Matematica ) at the University of Milan, along with Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti.	The University of Milan was founded by Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti.
The Japanese surrendered on May 25, 1945, thus, Magdalena, as well as the Philippines, was liberated from the tyranny of the Japanese army.	The Philippines surrendered to the Japanese army.
The Japanese surrendered on May 25, 1945, thus, Magdalena, as well as the Philippines, was liberated from the tyranny of the Japanese army.	The Philippines defeated the Japanese army in 1945.
Kazumura Cave is the longest, and the deepest lava tube in the world. Located on the southeastern slopes of Mauna Loa, the southern summit is on Big Island, Hawai'i.	The longest lava tube in the world is located in the Hawai'i.
A rhinestone is an imitation diamond made from rock crystal, glass or acrylic.	Diamonds are made with glass.
The rhinestone-studded Nudie suit was invented by Nudie Cohn in the 1940s, an Americanization of the matador's "suit of lights".	The matador's "suit of lights" was invented by Nudie Cohn.
A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987.	Fiona Wood graduated from St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London.
A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987.	Fiona Wood is Tony Keirath's wife.
A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987.	Tony Keirath worked at a major British hospital.
A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987.	Fiona Wood was of Australian origin.
Maldon is a town in Victoria, Australia, in the Mount Alexander Shire local government area. A town in Britain bears the same name.	The town of Maldon is located in Britain.
The infinite canvas is the idea that the size of a digital comics page is theoretically infinite. The concept was introduced by Scott McCloud in his book Reinventing Comics.	Reinventing Comics is a book by Scott McCloud.
In June of 2004, an application called InfiniteCanvas (or IC) was released by student Markus Müller, attempting to provide a solution to the common problems of infinite canvas.	InfiniteCanvas was created by Markus Müller.
Scott Island is a small uninhabited island of volcanic origin in the Southern Ocean, 505 km northeastward of Cape Adare, the northeastern extremity of Victoria Land.	Scott Island lies 505 km northeastward of Victoria.
Scott Island is a small uninhabited island of volcanic origin in the Southern Ocean, 505 km northeastward of Cape Adare, the northeastern extremity of Victoria Land.	No people live on Scott Island.
Scott Island is 370 metres long and 180 m wide, with the highest elevation being Haggits Pillar at 63 m.	Haggits Pillar is located in Scott Island.
Scott Island was discovered and landed upon in December 1902 by Captain William Colbeck commander of the Morning , relief ship for Capt. Robert F. Scott's expedition. The island was then named Markham Island.	William Colbeck reached Markham Island in December 1902.
Scott Island is part of the Ross Dependency, claimed by New Zealand.	Scott Island belongs to New Zealand.
Ullmann taught technical chemistry during 1905-1913 and 1922-1925 at the Technischen Hochschule Berlin -now Technical University of Berlin-, first as part of the ordinary teaching staff, later on as a Professor.	Ullmann worked as a Professor at the Technischen Hochschule Berlin.
Ullmann was married to Irma Goldberg who was his assistant from 1905 to 1910 at his laboratory.	Ullmann and Irma Goldberg got married in 1905.
By the end of the 1950s the resolution of radio telescopes was sufficient to be able to identify specific radio sources with optical counterparts, leading to the discovery of quasars.	Quasars were discovered at the end of the 1950s.
Muybridge had earlier developed an invention he called the Zoopraxiscope.	The Zoopraxiscope was invented by Muybridge.
Edison, Dickson and the other employees of Edison's laboratory made progress on the design to a point.	Dickson worked for Edison.
Shortly thereafter the fledgling American auto industry began its first efforts and George Selden, despite never actually producing a working model of an automobile, had a credible claim to have patented the automobile.	George Selden produced an automobile.
By the 12th century the tournament had grown so popular in England that King Henry II found it necessary to forbid the sport which gathered in one place so many barons and knights in arms.	King Henry II banned tournaments.
More than one chronicler records the violent death, in 1066, of a French baron named Geoffroi de Preulli, who, according to the testimony of his contemporaries, "invented tournaments.	Geoffroi de Preulli was killed during a tournament.
Buckley's Mixture is a cough syrup invented in 1919 (and still produced today) noted for its extremely bitter taste.	Buckley's Mixture is a remedy against cough.
The title was again created for John Holles. When he died in 1711 the title became extinct but his estates passed to his nephew Thomas Pelham, who three years later upon coming of age received the title in its third creation. In 1757 he received the additional title of "Newcastle-under-Lyne".	John Holles received the title of "Newcastle-under-Lyne".
The first Teniente Alcalde or Capitan (the highest political authority in a town) was Don Mauricio San Mateo.	Don Mauricio San Mateo held the position of Capitan.
Celestial Seasonings is a tea company based in Boulder, Colorado that specialises in herbal tea but also sells green and black tea (as well as white and oolong blends). Its founders Mo Siegel, John Hay and others started gathering herbs and flowers in the mountains around Boulder and selling them to local health-food stores in 1969.	Celestial Seasonings was founded by Mo Siegel and John Hay.
Celestial Seasonings was purchased by Kraft Foods in 1984 which expanded the marketing of the brand both nationally and internationally.	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings.
Mo Siegel retired in 1986, and the next year, Kraft announced they would sell Celestial Seasonings to Lipton.	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings to Lipton in 1986.
Mo Siegel retired in 1986, and the next year, Kraft announced they would sell Celestial Seasonings to Lipton. The sale was successfully challenged by Bigelow under anti-trust laws, and local management purchased the company back from Kraft in 1988.	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings.
Dr. Felix Soto Toro (born 1967 in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico), is an astronaut applicant and an Electrical Designs Engineer in NASA, who developed an electronic 3D measuring system.	Soto Toro invented a 3D measuring system.
Levomepromazine has off-label uses as an antiemetic for cancer patients and for the treatment of cases of treatment-resistant insomnia.	Levomepromazine is a remedy against insomnia.
If levomepromazine is given concomitantly with opioids, the opioid-dose should be reduced, because levomepromazine amplifies the therapeutic actions and side-effects of opioids massively.	Levomepromazine reduces the side-effects of opioids.
The first Windows Challenge was held in 2004, consisting of less than 30 teams within the United States. In 2005, it was opened to the rest of the world. 278 teams from all over the world participated.	278 teams from all over the world participated in the first Windows Challenge.
The United Center, home for the Bulls and Chicago Blackhawks, opened for the 1994-95 season, and the Bulls began using the Sheri L. Berto Center, their state-of-the-art training facility, in 1992.	Blackhawks are based in Chicago.
The United Center, home for the Bulls and Chicago Blackhawks, opened for the 1994-95 season, and the Bulls began using the Sheri L. Berto Center, their state-of-the-art training facility, in 1992.	The United Center belongs to the Bulls.
The Miracle Field, which is a field specifically designed for children with special needs, is the third field of its kind built in the last year in the Chicago area with funds from Chicago White Sox Charities.	Chicago White Sox Charities support children with special needs.
Techwood Homes was demolished in 1995 before the 1996 Summer Olympics. It and neighboring Clark Howell Homes are now a mixed-use area called Centennial Place.	Techwood Homes was situated next to Clark Howell Homes.
After delivering her patients, the ship sailed 26 May 1946 for the atomic tests at Bikini Atoll, and after providing medical services during the series of nuclear blasts during Operation Crossroads, she returned to Seattle 15 August 1946.	The atomic tests at Bikini Atoll took place in 1946.
Lauren landed her first job performing in the national touring company of the musical "Dreamgirls". Loraine would often step in for her sister in "Dreamgirls", in which they played the role of "Mimi Marquez".	Loraine took part in the musical "Dreamgirls".
From the Illinois side of the bridge, signs marked "HISTORIC ROUTE 66 SPUR" take travellers to the Illinois side of the bridge and a "HISTORIC ROUTE 66" sign marks the Missouri side of the bridge.	Illinois borders on Missouri.
In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66.	The Labour lost the majority in the May 2005 election.
In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66.	Michael Howard was part of the Labour Government.
However Confederate arms buyers Captains Caleb Huse and James Bulloch contracted for all the rifles and revolvers the Armoury could produce.	Huse worked together with Bolloch.
In 1999 Cauty produced several remixes under the alias The Scourge Of The Earth for artists such as Placebo, Marilyn Manson, Hawkwind, Ian Brown, The Orb etc.	Placebo collaborated with Marilyn Manson.
He was initially successful, negotiating a 3/4 of 1 percent royalty on all cars sold by the Association of Licensed Automobile Manufacturers, the ALAM.	The ALAM manufactured cars.
Henry Ford, owner of the Ford Motor Company, founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1903, and four other car makers resolved to contest the patent infringement suit filed by Selden and EVC.	Henry Ford founded the Ford Motor Company.
However, Henry Ford, owner of the Ford Motor Company, founded in Detroit, Michigan in 1903, and four other car makers resolved to contest the patent infringement suit filed by Selden and EVC.	The Ford Motor Company filed a lawsuit against Selden and EVC.
Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905 and retired to his home in Mérida, Yucatán.	Maler retired in 1905.
Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905 and retired to his home in Mérida, Yucatán.	Maler lived in Yucatán.
Primrose Hill is a hill and district located on the north side of Regent's Park. The hill has a fine view of central London. Like Regent's Park the area was once part of a great chase appropriated by Henry VIII and became Crown property in 1841.	Primrose Hill is located in London.
Leloir's investigations came to fruition during the period he served in this laboratory, simultaneously serving as a visiting professor of the Faculty of Natural and Exact Sciences; this work was interrupted by periods pursuing further studies at Cambridge, the Enzyme Research Laboratory in the United States of America and other leading world centers of scientific research.	Leloir served as a visiting professor at Cambridge.
At the beginning of 1948, Leloir's team identified the carnucleotide sugars, compounds that play a fundamental part in metabolism of carbon hydrates, a discovery that brought worldwide recognition to the Institute.	Leloir discovered the metabolism of carbon hydrates.
Leloir was promptly given the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina, one of few to receive such a prize in a country in which he was a foreigner.	Leloir won the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina.
Leloir was promptly given the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina, one of few to receive such a prize in a country in which he was a foreigner.	Leloir was born in Argentina.
Belknap married and lost his first two wives, Cora LeRoy and Carrie Tomlinson, and married Mrs. John Bower, his second wife's sister.	Carrie Tomlinson was Mrs. John Bower's sister.
Belknap married and lost his first two wives, Cora LeRoy and Carrie Tomlinson, and married Mrs. John Bower, his second wife's sister.	Belknap was married to Carrie Tomlinson.
Belknap was impeached by a unanimous vote of the House of Representatives for allegedly having received money in return for post tradership appointments.	Belknap was accused of having received money in return for post tradership appointments.
Belknap was impeached by a unanimous vote of the House of Representatives for allegedly having received money in return for post tradership appointments.	Belknap received money in return for post tradership appointments.
Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park is a northern Los Angeles County park acquired by LA County government in the 1970s.	The Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park is a property of the LA County government.
Vasquez Rocks are located in the Agua Dulce vicinity between the Antelope Valley and the Santa Clarita Valley just north of Los Angeles and seen easily by motorists driving the Antelope Valley Freeway.	Agua Dulce is found just north of Los Angeles.
Vasquez Rocks' history began in prehistoric times when the sandstone rocks were uplifted at a picturesque angle, showing their jagged red features. The rock formations are part of the San Andreas Fault.	Vasquez Rocks are part of the San Andreas Fault.
Vasquez Rocks' history began in prehistoric times when the sandstone rocks were uplifted at a picturesque angle, showing their jagged red features. The rock formations are part of the San Andreas Fault.	The San Andreas Fault was formed in prehistoric times.
A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar, upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed, seized the local treasury and declared themselves in rebellion.	Father Bátiz was killed by a band of ranchers.
A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar, upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed, seized the local treasury and declared themselves in rebellion.	Pedro Quintanar was the leader of a band of ranchers.
Another uprising was led by the mayor of Pénjamo, Guanajuato, Luis Navarro Origel, beginning on September 28. He was defeated by federal troops in the open land around the town, but retreated into the mountains, where he and his men continued as guerrillas.	Luis Navarro Origel became a guerilla.
This region became the main focal point of the rebellion lead by 27-year-old René Capistran Garza, leader of the Mexican Association of Catholic Youth.	The Mexican Association of Catholic Youth was lead by René Capistran Garza.
Though Wilkins and his family settled quickly in Italy, it wasn't a successful era for Milan, and Wilkins was allowed to leave in 1987 to join French outfit Paris Saint-Germain.	Wilkins arrived in Italy in 1987.
Wilkins was chosen for the England's squad which qualified for the 1986 World Cup in Mexico, and played in the opening defeat against Portugal.	England defeated Portugal in the 1986 World Cup.
André Henri Constant van Hasselt was born at Maastricht, in Limburg. He was educated in his native town, and at the university of Liège.	André Henri Constant van Hasselt was educated in Maastricht.
In 1833 Van Hasselt left Maastricht, then blockaded by the Belgian forces, and made his way to Brussels, where he became a naturalized Belgian, and was attached to the Bibliotheque de Bourgogne.	Van Hasselt was of Belgian origin.
Bountiful departed San Francisco 1 April 1944 for Honolulu, returned later that month, and sailed once more 1 May for the western Pacific.	Bountiful reached Honolulu in April 1944.
Tripontium was initially a military frontier post, established soon after the Roman invasion of Britain around AD 50.	The Romans arrived in Britain around AD 50.
Metin Kaplan is said to have ordered the murder of his rival Ibrahim Sofu in 1996.	Ibrahim Sofu was murdered by Metin Kaplan.
In early May 2004 Kaplan lost his refugee status and faced extradition to Turkey, but before German police could arrest him, Kaplan disappeared from Cologne.	Kaplan was extradited to Turkey.
Families of Britons missing after bombings in Sharm el-Sheikh begun flying out to the Red Sea resort on Tuesday, a Foreign Office spokeswoman said.	Britons are missing in Sharm el-Sheikh.
The British ambassador to Egypt, Derek Plumbly, told Reuters on Monday that authorities had compiled the list of 10 based on lists from tour companies and from families whose relatives have not been in contact since the bombings.	Derek Plumbly is a diplomat of Egypt.
The Egyptian government on Tuesday dismissed speculation that a group of missing Pakistanis had helped in the bombings.	A group of Pakistanis have been arrested for helping in the bombings.
It said it carried out both the Taba and Sharm el-Sheikh attacks "in obedience to the leaders of jihad (holy war) in al Qaeda, Sheikh Osama bin Laden and Sheikh Ayman al-Zawahri" and to avenge the "oppressed brothers in Iraq and Afghanistan".	Sheikh Osama bin Laden and Sheikh Ayman al-Zawahri are the leaders of al Qaeda.
Egyptian police are investigating the possibility that Mohamed Fulayfel, the brother of one of the Taba bombers, drove a suicide car bomb into the Ghazala Gardens Hotel on Saturday.	Mohamed Fulayfel carried out a bomb attack in Taba.
Human rights groups say police detained some 2,500 people after the attack on the Hilton hotel in Taba and mistreated many of them.	Some 2,500 people have been arrested after the attack on the Hilton hotel in Taba.
Rival generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc. reported revenue of $1.3 billion for fiscal 2005.	Mylan Laboratories Inc. earned $1.3 billion in fiscal year 2005.
After the deal closes, Teva will generate sales of about $7 billion a year, the company said.	Teva earns $7 billion a year.
"After arresting Omar, police evacuated up to 100 homes and sent a bomb squad into the Small Heath neighborhood (search) in Birmingham, a city some 120 miles northwest of London.".	Omar resided in the Small Heath neighborhood.
"Dozens of anti-terrorist police a swept into a neighborhood of Britain's second-largest city to arrest Omar, a Somali citizen with British residency who is suspected in the attack on the Warren Street subway station.".	Omar is of British origin.
Police also released another photograph of a suspect who tried to detonate a bomb on a train near the Shepherd's Bush subway station.	A bomb attack took place near the Shepherd's Bush subway station.
Police also released another photograph of a suspect who tried to detonate a bomb on a train near the Shepherd's Bush subway station.	Police released a suspect who tried to detonate a bomb.
When President Ronald Reagan implemented the Economic Recovery Tax Act in 1981, he gradually cut taxes across the board by 25%.	Reagan reduced taxes by 25%.
Debbie Inker is a CPA who has lived in Israel since 2002.	Debbie Inker is a citizen of Israel.
It is in the best interests of the Israeli government, the Israeli economy, and Israeli citizens, for the government to negotiate a social security treaty with the US as soon as possible.	The US has made a treaty with Israeli government.
Pinkerton is an active member of St. Bernard Church and has worked in a variety of ministries including religious education, music and the jail ministry.	Pinkerton is a minister of St. Bernard Church.
Beverly served in various internships including administrative assistant at the Wabash County Economic Development Corporation (WEDCOR).	Beverly worked for WEDCOR.
Joining Pinkerton at the Chamber of Commerce, is Lindsey Beverly, who will be the new executive assistant.	Pinkerton works with Beverly.
Dean Lynn Hart was arrested Tuesday at his Storey County home after the attack at a Reno residence in the 4200 block of Truckee River Trail.	Dean Lynn Hart lives in Truckee River Trail.
Dean Lynn Hart was arrested Tuesday at his Storey County home after the attack at a Reno residence in the 4200 block of Truckee River Trail.	Dean Lynn Hart resides in Storey County.
Eiken teamed with ABC Marketing, Inc. - a small firm owned by local Jefferson Citian Alan Baird.	Baird was the owner of ABC Marketing, Inc.
"Baird and Eiken also selected a manufacturer, LANGCO Tools and Plastic, Inc., in Oran, Missouri.".	Baird and Eiken bought LANGCO Tools and Plastic.
McDonald's announced yesterday that it was joining with DreamWorks Animation SKG to create promotions based on the studio's film characters, including Shrek.	Shrek was produced by McDonald's.
"It's irresponsible," said Susan Linn, a psychologist at the Judge Baker Children's Center in Boston and author of the book "Consuming Kids.".	"Consuming Kids" was written by Susan Linn.
"It's irresponsible," said Susan Linn, a psychologist at the Judge Baker Children's Center in Boston and author of the book "Consuming Kids.".	Susan Linn is the head of the Judge Baker Children's Center.
Mr. Katzenberg is a former Disney executive and was involved in a high-profile lawsuit against the company to recover money he felt he was owed.	Katzenberg filed a suit against Disney.
Mr. Gotti, who is already serving nine years on extortion charges, was sentenced to an additional 25 years by Judge Richard D. Casey of Federal District Court.	Gotti was accused of extortion.
Yesterday's sentence was for Peter Gotti's conviction last December on other extortion charges as well as on charges of ordering the murder - ultimately unsuccessful - of Salvatore Gravano.	Salvatore Gravano was killed by Peter Gotti.
Mr. Gotti, who is already serving nine years on extortion charges, was sentenced to an additional 25 years by Judge Richard D. Casey of Federal District Court.	Casey serves as a judge at the Federal District Court.
The demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with Latin America committee, verbally attacked Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani.	President Alfredo Cristiani was attacked by demonstrators.
President Vinicio Cerezo has tacitly blamed President Alfredo Cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's (FMLN) offensive which was launched on Saturday 11 November.	FMLN launched an offensive on 11 November.
President Vinicio Cerezo has tacitly blamed President Alfredo Cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in El Salvador as a result of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's (FMLN) offensive which was launched on Saturday 11 November.	Alfredo Cristiani caused a crisis in El Salvador.
Governor Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota signed a bill into law on Thursday that requires the state to generate a significant amount of its energy needs from renewable sources. The amount of power generated by wind turbines in the state stands now at 895 megawatts.	The amount of power produced in Minnesota stands at 895 megawatts.
The President of the Italian Republic, Giorgio Napolitano, has asked Romano Prodi today to stay on as Prime Minister, but Prodi will need to pass a confidence vote as soon as possible.	Romano Prodi is the Italian Prime Minister.
On 19 February 2007, XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio announced a move that will change the face of satellite radio in the United States and Canada: XM and Sirius will be merging, creating a single satellite radio provider.	XM Satellite Radio will merge with Sirius Satellite Radio.
On 19 February 2007, XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio announced a move that will change the face of satellite radio in the United States and Canada: XM and Sirius will be merging, creating a single satellite radio provider.	XM and Sirius are providers of satellite radio.
Sirius CEO Mel Karmazin will retain his CEO title in the new company.	Mel Karmazin is an executive of Sirius.
Fulham pressed for an equalizer, but Manchester United prevailed, continuing their winning run this Premiere League season.	Manchester United defeated Fulham.
A best picture nomination for the Genie Awards was also given to "Trailer Park Boys: The Movie," one of the few successful domestic films at Canadian box offices in 2006.	"Trailer Park Boys" was awarded a best picture prize.
India's yearly pilgrimage to the Ganges river, worshiped by Hindus as the goddess Ganga, is the worlds largest gathering of people, with around 70 million participants, dwarfing other religious pilgrimages.	Around 70 million people participate in pilgrimage to the Ganges river.
This year thousands of Hindu Holy Men, also known as sadhus, threatened to boycott festivals during their pilgrimage to the Ganges, where their rituals involve washing away their sins by bathing in the water.	Hindu Holy Men boycotted festivals during their pilgrimage to the Ganges.
Prince Laurent of Belgium, the youngest son of King Albert II of Belgium, has been questioned last night by the federal police and is attending today's court session in Hasselt in a marine fraud case that has gripped Belgian media since last December.	King Albert II of Belgium is the father of Prince Laurent.
Adam DePrisco, a 19-year-old from Woodbridge, Ontario, was found dead in Acapulco, Mexico on Saturday.	Adam DePrisco was killed in Mexico.
DePrisco is the third Canadian who has recently died in Mexico, after Nancy and Domenic Ianiero, a couple also from Woodbridge, who were stabbed to death at a luxury resort hotel near Cancun, also a popular vacation destination.	Nancy and Domenic Ianiero had Canadian citizenship.
DePrisco is the third Canadian who has recently died in Mexico, after Nancy and Domenic Ianiero, a couple also from Woodbridge, who were stabbed to death at a luxury resort hotel near Cancun, also a popular vacation destination.	Nancy Ianiero was killed in Mexico.
In a move widely viewed as surprising, the Bank of England raised UK interest rates from 5% to 5.25%, the highest in five years.	UK interest rates went up from 5% to 5.25%.
As of Friday, January 12, three people in Saskatchewan had succumbed to the storm.	Three people were killed by a storm in Saskatchewan.
The dispute has come up between the manufacturer of the iPhone (which was presented on Wednesday for the first time) - Apple Inc. - and a leader in network and communication systems, based in San Jose - Cisco.	Apple Inc. is based in San Jose.
The dispute has come up between the manufacturer of the iPhone (which was resented on Wednesday for the first time) - Apple Inc. - and a leader in network and communication systems, based in San Jose - Cisco.	iPhone is produced by Cisco.
Cisco states that it has received the trademark in 2000, when the company overtook Infogear Technology Corp., which took place in 1996.	Cisco was acquired by Infogear Technology Corp.
The same storm has caused more than 125,000 people to lose power near St. Louis, Missouri and power officials say that they are "still losing people," said Springfield's City Utilities spokesman, Ern DeCamp.	125,000 were killed by a storm.
Following a magnitude 8.3 earthquake in the Pacific Ocean, Japan's Meteorological Agency has issued a Tsunami warning for the north-eastern coast of Hokkaido and a lesser warning for Honshu.	A tsunami hit the north-eastern coast of Hokkaido.
A serial killer on Mumbai's streets killed yet another person last night; making the latter one of five young men murdered recently.	Five men have been killed by a serial killer in Mumbai.
Mumbai Police have established a 90-man team tasked with nabbing the serial killer, who a senior police official compared to Raman Raghav, who bludgeoned 9 pavement dwellers in their sleep in the 60s.	Raman Raghav works as a senior police official.
Mumbai Police have established a 90-man team tasked with nabbing the serial killer, who a senior police official compared to Raman Raghav, who bludgeoned 9 pavement dwellers in their sleep in the 60s.	9 people were assassinated by Raman Raghav.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, best known for his role in The Terminator and being the Governor of California (which earned him the nickname The Governator), has been invited by the Prime Minister's Office to visit Canada. Schwarzenegger is reported to have higher expectations for reducing greenhouse gas emissions than Prime Minister Stephen Harper.	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.
The Canadian PM and "The Governator" first met when they went to Mexico for the inauguration of Felipe Calderón, the president of Mexico.	The Canadian PM attended the inauguration of the president of Mexico.
China has shot down one of their old weather satellites with a ballistic missile and the United States is concerned about the test.	China attacked the United States.
The American computer company Apple has reached 78 percent increase in its profits during the last quarter, which ended December 30, 2006.	Apple's profits rose by 78 percent during the last quarter of 2006.
A woman who disappeared in the jungles of Cambodia at the age of 8, has been found after having lived as a feral child for 19 years. She is identified as Rochom P'ngieng, who disappeared in 1988, when tending buffalos in a remote part of the jungles of north-eastern Cambodia.	Rochom P'ngieng disappeared in the jungles of Cambodia.
Philippine human rights commission (CHR) together with various local government officials branded "overkill" the police assault on the Iloilo provincial capitol on Wednesday. In an attempt to arrest Governor Niel Tupas, Sr. and seize control of the capitol, hundreds of policemen armed with M-16 rifles stormed the capitol, smashed glass doors and destroyed padlocked iron gates. The rifles were pointed at civilians.	Philippine civilians were killed by police.
Philippine human rights commission (CHR) together with various local government officials branded "overkill" the police assault on the Iloilo provincial capitol on Wednesday. In an attempt to arrest Governor Niel Tupas, Sr. and seize control of the capitol, hundreds of policemen armed with M-16 rifles stormed the capitol, smashed glass doors and destroyed padlocked iron gates. The rifles were pointed at civilians.	Niel Tupas was arrested during a police assault.
Baena Soares was evacuated from the Sheraton Hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest Salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources”.	Baena Soares was arrested by the armed forces.
The FMLN launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the San Salvador metropolitan zone.	The FMLN carried out an attack in San Salvador.
There are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed.	Four military men died in a plane crash.
In his first play of Winter Universiade 2007 Hockey team of Canada defeated USA 5-0, while in another game the home team of Italy lost to Kazakhstan 3-1.	Canada beat USA.
In his first play of Winter Universiade 2007 Hockey team of Canada defeated USA 5-0, while in another game the home team of Italy lost to Kazakhstan 3-1.	Italy beat Kazakhstan.
In the United States, a stabbing at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School in Sudbury, Massachusetts has left a 15-year old student dead. The stabbing happened around 7:20 am EST, before classes had started. A fight broke out in a boys' bathroom between the 15-year old victim, James Alenson and 16-year-old suspect John Odgren, the fight spilled out in the hallway, where the stabbing occurred.	John Odgren is suspected of stabbing James Alenson.
In the United States, a stabbing at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School in Sudbury, Massachusetts has left a 15-year old student dead. The stabbing happened around 7:20 am EST, before classes had started. A fight broke out in a boys' bathroom between the 15-year old victim, James Alenson and 16-year-old suspect John Odgren, the fight spilled out in the hallway, where the stabbing occurred.	John Odgren died at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School.
Berlin has a new landmark. Among the cranes which still dominate the skyline of Europe's newest capital now stands a chancellery, where the head of government Gerhard Schroeder will live and the German cabinet will hold its regular meetings.	New buildings have been erected in Berlin.
The Reichstag building in Berlin was constructed to house the Reichstag, the original parliament of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894 and housed the Reichstag until 1933.	New buildings have been erected in Berlin.
Only a few of the embassies, mainly those of states accredited in the German Democratic Republic (GDR), were able to make use of existing buildings in Berlin. The majority of the embassies had to have new buildings erected or buildings that were already in place adapted for this new use.	New buildings have been erected in Berlin.
The theory proved to be extremely precise and became the prototype for the electroweak theory, which draws the electromagnetic and weak nuclear forces into a single model, and won the 1979 Nobel for Sheldon L. Glashow, Abdus Salam and Steven Weinberg.	The electroweak theory was recently confirmed.
A discovery of the acceleration of the universe has changed the way we are thinking about the problem of the vacuum energy. Instead of trying to explain why it is zero, we are trying to understand why it is anomalously small. Recent cosmological observations have shown that the universe is flat, or almost exactly flat, and confirmed many other predictions of inflationary theory.	The electroweak theory was recently confirmed.
It didn't happen because the cream of England's thugs was smoking pot which is easily and legally available in the Netherlands.	Drugs in Holland are easily bought.
The Netherlands' vaunted drug policies - legalizing the public sale of cannabis products in the now-famous coffee shops and adopting a generally lenient attitude toward drug use - have turned the country into the narcotics capital of western Europe.	Drugs in Holland are easily bought.
Heavy rains across central and eastern Europe have created flooding conditions not seen for centuries, killing more than 100 people, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of others, and devastating historic city centres in Germany and the Czech Republic. Flooding also has hit communities in Austria, Slovakia, Russia and Romania.	Floods ravage Europe.
Rescue workers completed an airlift evacuation of a half-submerged riverside district of the Swiss capital Thursday as large parts of central and southern Europe were hit by flooding that killed at least 42 people.	Floods ravage Europe.
Huge celebrations have been held in Romania and Bulgaria to mark their accession to the European Union, 17 years after the fall of Communism.	European Union expands its membership.
The EU enlargement to 25 countries took place on 1 May 2004 when 10 of the 12 candidates joined.  Bulgaria and Romania followed on 1 January 2007.	European Union expands its membership.
The European Union is an economic heavyweight, but it is not a monolith. It works for the good of its own members but it also takes into account the global good.	European Union expands its membership.
As late as 1850, however, when it was possible for conscientious objectors to secure exemption from service by hiring a substitute, most of the Dutch church leaders were opposed to voluntary service in the army.	French conscientious objectors are given special tasks.
Almost a century of French history has come to an end as the country's last conscripts completed their military service.	French conscientious objectors are given special tasks.
Such high profile athletes as baseball's Darryl Strawberry and Dwight Gooden, cycling's Gilberto Simoni, and soccer's Diego Maradona have all indelibly linked cocaine and sports in the minds of countless sports fans.	Drug use is prevalent among soccer players.
Pierre Bérégovoy died on 1 May 1993, in Paris after being transported by helicopter from Nevers (Nièvre), where he had been found an hour earlier, in a coma with two bullets in the head. The second bullet was attributed to a nervous reflex. Police investigators ruled his death as a suicide, confirming his bodyguard's deposition, who claimed the former prime minister was with him when he grabbed the guard's gun, which is more plausible than the first version of events which appeared in the press relating that Bérégovoy had returned alone to the car and had taken the gun from the glove box.	Pierre Bérégovoy commits suicide.
Pierre Beregovoy, until a month ago Prime Minister of France, apparently left no message when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun.	Pierre Bérégovoy commits suicide.
First, we harvest greenhouse gas (biogas methane) not just from livestock manure and used water, but also crop residues and certain food wastes, which constitute feedstock for the anaerobic digester.	Methane is harvested for fuel.
The Cold War led to increased international broadcasting, as Communist and non-Communist states attempted to influence each other's domestic population. In addition to the U.S.-Soviet cold war, the Chinese-Russian border dispute led to an increase of the numbers of transmitters aimed at the two nations, and the development of new techniques such as playing tapes backwards for reel-to-reel recorders.	Radio use increases during wars.
Following the success of radio during war, the Army produced a Field Manual entitled "Psychological Warfare Operations (FM 33-5)" in 1955 that discussed the importance of radio broadcasts to support U.S. military operations.	Radio use increases during wars.
The text duly became the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa in 1996 and came into effect in February 1997. It has been amended twelve times since its adoption.	A new Constitution was adopted in South Africa.
We are extremely proud, that the new constitution asserts equality among South Africa's languages; and that, for the first time, the languages particularly of the Khoi, Nama and San communities will receive the attention they deserve.	A new Constitution was adopted in South Africa.
If the proposed amendments are accepted by the meeting, the new Constitution or By-Laws, with amendments, must be ratified at the next AGM of the Society.	A new Constitution was adopted in South Africa.
53 members of the Solar Temple were found dead at two locations in Switzerland near Geneva.	Solar Temple members were found dead.
The Order of the Solar Temple lost 69 members in mass suicides in Switzerland, Canada and France between 1994 and 1995, according to the prosecutor's office.	Solar Temple members were found dead.
The Order of the Solar Temple was a doomsday cult heavily involved in money laundering and arms trafficking.	Solar Temple members were found dead.
This overview discusses the main methods of contraception (birth control) used in the United States and their advantages and disadvantages.	UN Conference discusses birth control.
At the UN Conference on Population in Cairo 1994, a number of Muslim countries joined hands with the Vatican in opposing contraceptives and abortion. On the occasion of this UN conference, the Rabita called a meeting chaired by the Saudi king, where a resolution was passed "against the legalization of abortion against a policy of con­ceding sexual rights to adolescents and unmarried persons against raising the marriageable age.".	UN Conference discusses birth control.
As international travel booms, the United States is fast losing market share in large part, industry executives say, because for many non-Americans, it has become simply too much of a hassle to get into the country since Sept. 11, 2001.	Tourism falls in the U.S.
You can contact us several ways: write us, phone us, email us, or fill out the form below and submit it. We'll be happy to provide any information and assistance we can. Cedar Falls Tourism and Visitors Bureau.	Tourism falls in the U.S.
The U.S. plan to require people traveling between the United States and Canada to have passports or similar identification is already hurting cross-border tourism, and it's not even in effect yet, tourism officials say.	Tourism falls in the U.S.
This position requires other modes of transport to become more efficient and capable of meeting customer service requirements.	European Industry becomes more competitive.
Girard will add to his list of honors and achievements this month, when he is inducted into the august French Academy, a body of 40 members founded by Cardinal de Richelieu in 1635.	The French Academy was founded by Richelieu.
Richelieu was also a great patron of the arts. He rebuilt the Sorbonne in Paris, supported promising writers and founded the French Academy.	The French Academy was founded by Richelieu.
In late November Sydney was covered in smoke after raging fires in the Blue Mountains. One of the major fires was lit by a lightning strike near Burra Korain Head inside the Blue Mountains National Park on 13 November.	A bush fire has started near Sydney.
Officials said Monday that arsonists were likely responsible for lighting some of the more than 50 wildfires that raged over the weekend around Sydney, destroying seven homes and bringing an early, menacing start to Australia's fire season.	A bush fire has started near Sydney.
Starts are never the same on Sydney Harbour. There are literally thousands of spectator craft, fickle winds, local eddies and choppy water.	A bush fire has started near Sydney.
Over the past two decades, the number of fires and fire casualties and the economic losses have decreased steadily. Nevertheless, on an average day in 2001, fire departments responded to more than 4,750 fires, 10 people died, and 56 citizens were injured.	Firefighter casualties are higher.
While the Gulf War allies were victorious on the battlefield, researchers thus far are being defeated in efforts to find out what has made so many of the veterans sick. But two new studies indicate the veterans are not much more likely to die or be hospitalized than soldiers who did not fight in the region.	Gulf war soldiers complain of illness.
An independent inquiry has backed Gulf War veterans claims that some did suffer ill-health as a result of their service in the 1991 conflict.	Gulf war soldiers complain of illness.
This study will compare pre and post-deployment health status of military personnel deployed to the Middle East.	Gulf war soldiers complain of illness.
The European Commission today adopted a Communication setting out a new strategic framework for the European Union's relations with Asia in the coming decade.	Europe adopts a single currency.
Initially, the EU consisted of six countries: Belgium, Germany, France, Italy, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands. Denmark, Ireland, and the United Kingdom joined in 1973, Greece in 1981, Spain and Portugal in 1986, Austria, Finland, and Sweden in 1995. The largest expansion occurred in 2004 with 10 new countries joining.	The European economic area expands.
However, Norway's key offshore petroleum sector is expanding strongly in 1993, and should remain a principal economic activity for the next several decades, thanks to continuing field developments and exploration activity.	European economic area expands.
All regions have recorded a steadily decreasing accident rate over the past seven years, except for Africa.	Airplane accidents are decreasing.
Overall the accident rate worldwide for commercial aviation has been falling fairly dramatically especially during the period between 1950 and 1970, largely due to the introduction of new technology during this period.	Airplane accidents are decreasing.
Most studies show no significant increased risk associated with the use of oestrogens for less than 1 year. The greatest risk appears associated with prolonged use with increased risks of 15- to 24-fold for 5 to 10 years or more.	Postmenopausal pregnancy is subject to risks.
At present, establishing pregnancy in postmenopausal women is more an ethical than a medical issue, partly because the information reported on pregnancy in postmenopausal women is insufficient to determine a reliable risk profile. In these women cardiovascular ageing accelerates. Therefore, until proven otherwise, postmenopausal women should be considered particularly at increased risk for vascular complications during pregnancy.	Postmenopausal pregnancy is subject to risks.
The WTO administers the agreements, handles trade disputes, monitors national trade policies, provides technical assistance and training for developing countries, and cooperates with other international organizations.	World Trade Organization mediates trade disputes.
Disputes in the WTO are essentially about broken promises. WTO members have agreed that if they believe fellow-members are violating trade rules, they will use the multilateral system of settling disputes instead of taking action unilaterally.	World Trade Organization mediates trade disputes.
The World Trade Organization is in many ways similar to the splitting of the atom. Both have great potential for productivity and destruction.	World Trade Organization mediates trade disputes.
After 1992, the "Clean Hands" investigation of political corruption brought about the most serious political crisis in the history of the Italian Republic, quickly extending to the uppermost levels of the political and economic system. In a matter of months, the magistracy uncovered a scene of corruption and political illegality without precedent in the history of the western democracies, involving the entire political class of the country and broad sectors of its business community.	High-level political corruption is present in Italy.
In Italy's weak party system, the political influence of powerful individual legislators trumped the political imperatives of the ruling parties.	High-level political corruption is present in Italy.
This course is designed to give the student a fundamental training in logic so that he can equip himself with the basic knowledge of logic, and accustom himself to logical thinking. This course includes: the uses of language, deduction and induction.	Deduction and induction are used to teach English.
Many of the Vikings who travelled to Scotland, and other parts of Europe were traders or peaceful settlers looking for land to farm.	Vikings landed in Scotland.
Evidence suggests that the Vikings invaded certain areas of Scotland, including the Outer Hebrides, Shetland, and some of Caithness and Sutherland, and settled there.	Vikings landed in Scotland.
Just to keep their big bodies warm, they have to eat up to one tenth of their body weight every day.	Information about what manatees eat is available.
Manatees are vegetarians. They eat sea grass and other vegetation such as algae that they find in the shallow waters that they live in.	Information about what manatees eat is available.
They consume huge quantities of food each day-a large adult can eat several hundred pounds of vegetation daily-mostly from shallow waters and near shore. Manatees also occasionally eat fish and snails, which are an important source of calcium, phosphorus, and protein.	Information about what manatees eat is available.
Hubble celebrates 15th anniversary with spectacular new images.	Hubble Telescope celebrates its anniversary.
To celebrate the Hubble Space Telescope's 16 years of success, the two space agencies involved in the project, NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA), are releasing this image Messier 82.	Hubble Telescope celebrates its anniversary.
Located 12 million light-years away, M82 appears high in the northern spring sky in the direction of the constellation Ursa Major, the Great Bear. It is also called the 'Cigar Galaxy' because of the elongated elliptical shape produced by the tilt of its starry disk relative to our line of sight.	Hubble Telescope celebrates its anniversary.
Last Wednesday Brazil's Energy Research Corporation (EPE) released the National Energy Plan 2030, the government's blueprint for energy development for the next 24 years.	New hydroelectric projects are planned.
Manitoba Hydro has announced plans for two new hydroelectric generating stations (GS) in Northern Manitoba: Wuskwatim GS on the Burntwood River and Gull (Keeyask) GS on the Nelson River.	New hydroelectric projects are planned.
In September 2001 the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority released the Great Barrier Reef Catchment Water Quality Current Issues report 2001.	Marine vegetation improves water quality.
CSIRO researchers have established that culturing marine plants, oysters or other filtering organisms in farm discharge water can significantly improve the water quality.	Marine vegetation improves water quality.
A consortium of companies is planning to build East Africa's first international undersea fiber optic communications line, which will complete a much needed fiber loop around the continent. Once in place, the cable will provide that part of Africa the broadband connection necessary for delivering the same affordable telecommunications advances now enjoyed by most countries in other parts of the world.	Undersea fiber optic cable improves communications.
Its main component is approximately 39,000 km of undersea fiber optic cable that will link the countries of Africa to each other and to the rest of the world.	Undersea fiber optic cable improves communications.
In November, the unit organised an exhibition of forgeries at the V&amp;A to highlight the increasing prevalence and sophistication of art crime.	Art crime is increasing.
In confronting the rising phenomenon of computer crime, strategies that focus solely on increasing the effectiveness of prosecution will inevitably fail.	Art crime is increasing.
Since the 1970s, crime has been increasing at churches around the country as religious art became more popular among collectors.	Art crime is increasing.
My bud, the Codger Logger, has told me of a black bear attack in Laclede several decades ago. In that incident, the bear grabbed the toddler and was making off with the baby.	Black bear attacks people.
Black bears are dangerous. They can and do kill people.	Black bear attacks people.
Passengers at European airports faced heightened security checks Wednesday as officials sought measures to prevent terrorists from repeating devastating attacks that halted air traffic in the United States and over the Atlantic.	Airports increase security.
Newer technologies such as low-dose x-ray have the ability to see through clothes, giving screeners the ability to easily detect any concealed weapons.	Airports increase security.
Aboard the expedition cruise ship, you visit the South Shetland island group, comprised of some 20 islands, including King George, Half Moon and Livingston islands, close to the Antarctic Peninsula before moving to the mainland area itself.	Antarctica exploration is international.
The terms of the MSA do not apply overseas, however, where U.S. tobacco companies have been much more brazen about luring youth into tobacco addiction and where the companies are often free to engage in the most shameless marketing tactics, such as cigarette giveaways featuring scantily clad women who seductively light cigarettes in the mouths of teenage boys.	Overseas tobacco sales increase.
Since 1990, the company's cigarette sales have risen by only 4.7% in the United States, but by 80% overseas, while profits from international sales have risen by 71% since 1993.	Overseas tobacco sales increase.
States and districts need to set high standards for high schools that are clearly aligned with both elementary and postsecondary educational requirements.	U.S. sets new educational standards.
Setting national goals and developing national standards to meet them are recent strategies in the our education reform policy. Support for national education standards by state governments originated in 1989, when the National Governors Association endorsed national education goals. President George Bush immediately added his support by forming the National Education Goals Panel.	U.S. sets new educational standards.
All major wildlife species are now threatened with extinction. No one has seen a Bengal Tiger, a Puma, a Jaguar or Indonesian Rhinoceros in the natural wildlife habitat for years.	All major wildlife species are endangered.
“Threatened species” is a related term, referring to a species likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future.	All major wildlife species are endangered.
Computer software (ELFIN) designed to provide health information and to monitor patterns of use and unmet need has been developed for the waiting area of health centres.	Computer terminals are used to provide health information.
A few steps away a teen looks up health information on a computer terminal for an upcoming school assignment, while at another terminal a woman looks for information on diabetes.	Computer terminals are used to provide health information.
All appointments are arranged through the computer terminals, which can display the appointments record of each patient.	Computer terminals are used to provide health information.
A Russian court has dismissed a criminal case against a village school teacher accused of using pirated Microsoft software.	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.
A Russian court threw out a case on Thursday against a headmaster accused of using pirated Microsoft software in his school after President Vladimir Putin and ex-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev criticised the trial.	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.
A Russian court on Thursday dismissed piracy charges against a local school, calling the case "trivial." Russian authorities had found 12 computers at the school with phony versions of Windows and Microsoft Office.	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.
Psychiatric drugs do not in any way cure the patient or even make him or her feel better.	Drugs do not cure mental illness.
So psychiatric drugs do stop disliked behavior and may mentally disable a person enough he can no longer feel angry or unhappy or "depressed".	Drugs do not cure mental illness.
The United States is engaged in extensive international efforts on climate, both through multilateral and bilateral activities.	United states is engaged in illegal technology transfer.
The new legislation explicitly recognises home schooling as a legitimate education option for the first time and places it on par with school education.	Reform allows home schooling.
The existing education legislation does not recognise home schooling.	Reform allows home schooling.
The authors argue, overall, that home educators are asserting their historical option of cultural agency and schooling.	Reform allows home schooling.
Do you think there are people on both sides of this struggle in Northern Ireland that would just as soon see this not succeed?.	Peace talks succeed in Northern Ireland.
Irish Republican Army, having submitted long-awaited message to peace negotiators, has raised slim, last-minute hope that former Sen. George J Mitchell's rescue mission might still succeed in moving forward stalemated Northern Ireland peace agreement.	Peace talks succeed in Northern Ireland.
It took another 22 years on the long road to the talks table until the first Ceasefire Declaration on August 31st, 1994 was announced by the IRA. This marked the beginning of the Peace Process in Northern Ireland, which in April 1998 resulted in an "Agreement covering civil rights issues and relationships".	Peace talks succeed in Northern Ireland.
"There will be only one Hurricane Andrew," he said, referring to the Category 5 tropical storm that slammed into south Florida in 1992, causing $26.5 billion in damage and killing 26 people in the United States and Bahamas.	Tropical storms cause severe damage.
However, also minor tropical storms passing at relatively great distance can cause severe damage.	Tropical storms cause severe damage.
Bilis was designated a severe tropical storm by the JMA on July 11, but the storm did not strengthen much further over the next few days due to a marginal upper-air environment and dry air entrainment.	Tropical storms cause severe damage.
A cyclone is the most dangerous weather phenomenon occurring in the bay.	Tropical storms cause severe damage.
It galvanized US President Harry S. Truman's executive order later that year to protect more than 2 million acres (8,000km²) as Everglades National Park.	The US Government protected Everglades from further environmental damage.
A settlement agreement between the federal government and the State of Florida, and approved by Judge William Hoeveler, imposed a plan to reduce damaging phosphorus levels in the Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge and Everglades National Park by December 31, 2006.	The US Government protected Everglades from further environmental damage.
Furthermore, under the constitution future candidates for the President of the Commission will be put forward by the European Council and approved by the European Parliament, who will have the final say. This differs from the present procedure in that Parliament will acquire the power to reject the President-designate specifically, rather than simply rejecting the entire Commission.	EC presidency candidates were nominated.
In particle physics, quarks are one of the two basic constituents of matter (the other Standard Model fermions are the leptons). Antiparticles of quarks are called antiquarks. Quarks are the only fundamental particles that interact through all four of the fundamental forces.	Proof of Top Quarks was found.
In 1965, Moo-Young Han with Yoichiro Nambu and Oscar W. Greenberg independently resolved the problem by proposing that quarks possess an additional SU(3) gauge degree of freedom, later called color charge. Han and Nambu noted that quarks would interact via an octet of vector gauge bosons: the gluons.	Proof of Top Quarks was found.
The U.S. does allow dual citizenship and consequently races run by Lagat after May 7th could have been ratified as American records since USATF rules only state that an athlete has to be a U.S. citizen competing in a sanctioned competition to be eligible to set a national record.	1995 Athletics World Records have been ratified.
While the men's hammer throw has been in the Olympic Games since 1900, the IAAF did not start ratifying women's marks until 1995. Women's hammer throw was first included in the Olympics at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, after having been included in the World Championships a year earlier.	1995 Athletics World Records have been ratified.
Lillehammer Ishockeylubb has played a few games there, but the two most important hockey tournaments played in the arena is the 1994 Olympics (famed for Peter Forsberg's goal in the deciding penalty shootout of the final game) and the 1999 World Ice Hockey Championships.	Lillehammer hosts Ice Hockey Olympic Finals.
The 1994 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1994 in Lillehammer, Norway. Other candidate cities were Anchorage, Alaska, USA; Östersund/Åre, Sweden; and Sofia, Bulgaria.	Lillehammer hosts Ice Hockey Olympic Finals.
It is worth pointing out that language skills are unevenly distributed both over the geographical area of Europe and over socio-demographic groups.	English and French are official EU Languages.
The precedent is immediately set with "Foreword," an intro to the album which finishes with a crashing sound (thought by many to be glass breaking, but it is in fact an external CD burner on a wooden table being smashed with an aluminum baseball bat).	CD-Burner hits the markets.
The current range of Macintoshes varies from Apple's entry level Mac mini desktop, to a mid-range server, the Xserve. Macintosh systems are mainly targeted towards the home, education, and creative professional markets.	CD-Burner hits the markets.
The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin took place on November 4, 1995 at 21:30, at the end of a rally in support of the Oslo agreements at the Kings of Israel Square in Tel Aviv.	The assassination of Rabin took place in 1995.
On November 4, 1995, Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a right-wing Jewish radical who had strenuously opposed Rabin's signing of the Oslo Accords, after attending a rally promoting the Oslo process at Tel Aviv's Kings of Israel Square (which was renamed Yitzhak Rabin Square after his death).	The assassination of Rabin took place in 1995.
Many versions saw extensive action in Spain, China, Mongolia, Finland and in the beginning of the War against Germany in the year 1941. It was also used in various duties in civil variants, as trainers and in many secondary roles.	China-Mongolia relations improve.
Once a pariah denied diplomatic recognition by most countries, the Soviet Union had 'official relations' with the majority of the nations of the world by the late 1980s.	China-Mongolia relations improve.
"During my trial, a French General, who was quoted in the indictment, appeared as a witness and defended me before the military court.	French General creates Balkan Security Zone.
Today's historic opportunity is to create a zone of security and stability in a region that has known little of either. Otherwise, the Balkans will become a permanent black hole in the heart of Europe.	French General creates Balkan Security Zone.
The 52nd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1994, were held on January 21, 1995 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.	Golden Globes for 1994 were awarded in Los Angeles.
Both Millennium Approaches and Perestroika were awarded the Tony Awards for Best Play back to back in 1993 and 1994 respectively. Both parts also won back to back Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Play.	Golden Globes for 1994 were awarded in Los Angeles.
Opponents of prohibition argue that it is ineffective, expensive, and more socially damaging than the use of the drugs it prohibits. They argue that prohibition creates crime and criminalizes innocent people that are not a threat; that there would be no violence associated with acquiring drugs if their source and use were well regulated. Opponents argue that prohibition is unconstitutional and that it violates natural law.	Drug sentences vary in Europe.
The basic concept is that tobacco and alcohol are extremely popular even though they are relatively more dangerous than many illegal drugs and are subjectively less pleasurable. This, critics say, is attributable to the profit motive and large marketing campaigns of tobacco and alcohol companies.	Drug sentences vary in Europe.
For example, one study listed on the website of the CDC (Center for Disease Control) states that New York's statewide law to eliminate smoking in enclosed workplaces and public places substantially reduced RSP (respirable suspended particles) levels in western New York hospitality venues.	Smoking restrictions apply in restaurants.
In Queensland smoking is prohibited in all pubs, clubs, restaurants and workplaces, as well as in commercial outdoor eating and drinking areas and in outdoor public places (e.g., patrolled beaches, children's playground equipment, major sport stadiums, and within 4 meters of non-residential building entrances).	Smoking restrictions apply in restaurants.
European officials have commented on the slowdown in Turkish reforms which, combined with the Cyprus problem, has led the EU's enlargement commissioner to warn of an impeding ‘train crash' in negotiations with Turkey. Despite these setbacks, Turkey has closed its first chapter in negotiations in June 2006.	Turkey negotiates to join the EU.
Turkey's current administration has identified EU membership as its top priority, and has taken many - and sometimes controversial - reform packages through the parliament aimed at gradually harmonizing Turkey with EU standards. Since October 2005, Turkey has formally started accession negotiations with the EU and these will be based on the acquis communautaire.	Turkey negotiates to join the EU.
The gluten-free diet must be strictly followed by sufferers of coeliac disease and dermatitis herpetiformis.	Gluten-free diets are for coeliacs.
Gluten is most commonly found in wheat, rye, and barley and may sometimes contaminate oats grown nearby or processed on the same equipment as gluten-containing cereals, and casein is found in dairy products; wheat and dairy frequently make up a large proportion of the Western diet.	Gluten-free diets are for coeliacs.
It owns the Austin, Nichols company (maker of Wild Turkey whiskies) and the alcoholic beverage division of the former Seagram corporation, among many other holdings. In 2005, the company acquired British-based international competitor Allied Domecq plc.	Scotch production is linked to its consumption.
The Jiyeh power station oil spill is an ongoing environmental disaster, caused by the release of heavy fuel oil into the eastern Mediterranean after storage tanks at the thermal power station in Jiyeh, Lebanon, 30 km (19 mi) south of Beirut, were bombed by the Israeli Airforce on July 14 and July 15, 2006 during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.	North Sea oil affects environment.
While fringe elements of Irish Republicanism may have instigated the riots that occurred in Dublin last Saturday, I don't think the main body of the rioters were politically motivated in themselves, aside from a casual identification with Republicanism. They were lashing out at a state that has let them down badly - the Irish state.	Soccer riots occurred in Dublin.
Charlotte "Lottie" Dod (24 September 1871 – 27 June 1960) was an English athlete best known as a tennis player. She won the Wimbledon Championships five times, the first when she was only fifteen, in the summer of 1887.	Wimbledon lady winners are very popular.
There are a number of smartphone user interface platforms based on Symbian OS, including open platforms UIQ, Nokia's Series 60, Series 80 and Series 90 and closed platforms such as that developed for NTT DoCoMo's FOMA handsets. This adaptability allows Symbian OS to be used on smartphones with a variety of form factors (e.g. clam-shell or "monoblock"/"candybar", keypad- or pen-driven).	Mobile phones must not be used whilst driving.
Mobile phones must not be used where they may interfere with equipment in hospitals and aircraft, or areas within the University environment that are sensitive to mobile telephones.	Mobile phones must not be used whilst driving.
Freedom of speech is the concept of being able to speak freely without censorship. It is often regarded as an integral concept in modern liberal democracies.	Free speech is limited to the Internet.
The Children's Internet Protection Act, also known as CIPA, is one of a number of bills that the United States Congress has proposed in an attempt to limit children's exposure to pornography and other controversial material online.	Free speech is limited to the Internet.
Blending sport with culture and education, Olympism seeks to create a way of life based on the joy of effort, the educational value of good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles.	Olympic Games promote peace.
The participants underlined the need to call upon all sports leaders to promote the culture of peace and the observance of the Olympic Truce with conviction and determination and to highlight the importance of sport as a component of national unity and rapprochement of people.	Olympic Games promote peace.
The children's rights movement is a historical and modern movement committed to the acknowledgement, expansion, and/or regression of the rights of children around the world.	Children's Rights is a historical movement.
Human rights refers to the concept of human beings as having universal rights, or status, regardless of legal jurisdiction or other localizing factors, such as ethnicity, nationality, and sex.	Children's Rights is a historical movement.
The Pharos of Alexandria, one of the seven Wonders of Ancient World ceased operating and was largely destroyed as a result of an earthquake in 1375; some of its remains were found on the floor of Alexandria's Eastern Harbour by divers in 1994. More of the remains have subsequently been revealed by satellite imaging.	There are still remains of some of the seven Wonders of Ancient World.
AI USA strongly opposes the use of the death penalty in the United States. Amnesty calls for its worldwide abolition, particularly in; the USA, China, Iran and Vietnam, four countries that make up the overwhelming majority of executions.	AI is against the Death Penalty.
Ozone (O3) is a triatomic molecule, consisting of three oxygen atoms. It is an allotrope of oxygen that is much less stable than the diatomic species O2. It is present in low concentrations throughout the Earth's atmosphere. It has many industrial and consumer applications as well as being used in ozone therapy.	Damages in the ozone layer are under control.
Since the ozone layer prevents most harmful UVB wavelengths (270–315 nm) of ultraviolet light from passing through the Earth's atmosphere, observed and projected decreases in ozone have generated worldwide concern leading to adoption of the Montreal Protocol banning the production of CFCs and halons as well as related ozone depleting chemicals such as carbon tetrachloride and trichloroethane (also known as methyl chloroform).	Damages in the ozone layer are under control.
Around 120 miles of Cornish coast and 80 kilometres of France was contaminated and around 15,000 sea birds killed along with huge numbers of marine organisms before the 270 square mile slick dispersed.	Oil accidents kill birds.
Oil kills birds in many ways. Its first effect is to break down the birds' waterproofing. Water runs off a seabird's back because the bird is protected by a layer of feathers, overlapping like the tiles on a roof.	Oil accidents kill birds.
Traditional ramen and sushi restaurants still dominate fast food culture in Japan, although American outlets like Pizza Hut, McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken are also popular, along with Western-style Japanese chains like Mos Burger.	Fast food is popular in Japan.
In Hawaii hamburgers are often topped with teriyaki sauce, derived from the Japanese-American culture, and locally grown pineapple.	Fast food is very popular in Japan.
Curry was introduced to Japan during the Meiji era (1869 - 1913), at a time when India was under the administration of the British East India Company. Because of that, curry in Japan is categorized as a Western dish instead of an Asian dish.	Japan imports rice.
The colonial history of Sierra Leone was not placid. The indigenous peoples mounted several unsuccessful revolts against British rule and Krio domination. However, most of the 20th century history of the colony was peaceful, and independence was achieved without violence.	The Sierra Leone rebellion affects diamond trade.
Taylor reportedly helped broker a deal with the government in Burkina Faso on behalf of the RUF for the supply of Burkinabe mercenaries, with payment to be made in Sierra Leone diamonds.	The Sierra Leone rebellion affects diamond trade.
Women's Hub is a Philippines-based non-government organisation that supports "women struggling for self-determination" in using ICTs, or information and communication technologies.	A conference about women is held in Beijing.
Women's Net collaborated with FEMNET to create an online platform for joining regional processes in the lead-up to the Beijing conference dedicated to women.	A conference about women is held in Beijing.
Before reconstruction began, the Reichstag was wrapped by the Bulgarian artist Christo and his wife Jeanne-Claude in 1995, attracting millions of visitors.	Christo wraps German Reichstag.
Christo and Jeanne-Claude are an artistic couple practicing environmental, installation art. Their works include the wrapping of the Reichstag in Berlin, and the Pont Neuf bridge in Paris, the 24-mile-long Running Fence in Marin and Sonoma, counties in California, and The Gates, in New York City's Central Park.	Christo wraps German Reichstag.
On June 9, 1995 Arabella Cosima-Asereba Kiesbauer was the target of a letter bomb at the Pro7 studios and her assistant got injured.	A letter bomb was sent to Kiesbauer.
Kiesbauer was target of a letter bomb in June 1995. Her secretary got injured.	A letter bomb was sent to Kiesbauer.
Mobile Commerce (also known as M-Commerce, mCommerce or U-Commerce, owing to the ubiquitous nature of its services) is the ability to conduct commerce, using a mobile device e.g. a mobile phone (or cell phone), a PDA, a smartphone while on the move.	Mobile phones are of limited use.
With the advance of miniaturization, currently the vast majority of mobile phones are handheld. In addition to the standard voice function of a telephone, a mobile phone can support many additional services such as SMS for text messaging, email, packet switching for access to the Internet, and MMS for sending and receiving photos and video.	Mobile phones are of limited use.
EU's fishing ministers have agreed drastic new cuts in fishing quotas after more than 26 hours of negotiation in Brussels.	The EU lowers fishing quotas.
The Scottish fishing industry is in turmoil after it emerged fishermen may not be able to catch as many haddock as they thought under new EU quotas.	The EU lowers fishing quotas.
In the French language the word for student (étudiant) is usually reserved for university-level persons. In collège and lycée therefore students are referred to as élèves, or in an English translation pupils.	Foreign words exist in French.
For languages whose orthography does not tell much about sounds, e.g. English, or whose many letters are silent, e.g. French, phonetic transcription is crucial not only for learners but also for linguists.	Foreign words exist in French.
Many feminists regard beauty contests for women as degrading both to the viewer and to the contestant. A common comparison made by feminists is that beauty contests are like a "cattle market" for women that enforces society's objectification of women.	International Beauty Contests go online.
Lady of Universe is an annual online international beauty contest, and the title for the winner of the contest.	International Beauty Contests go online.
The construction of the Tower of Pisa was performed in three stages over a period of about 200 years. Construction of the first floor of the white marble campanile began on August 9, 1173, a period of military success and prosperity. This first floor is surrounded by pillars with classical capitals, leaning against blind arches. Today, it is still unscarred from centuries of weather and age.	The Leaning Tower of Pisa survives.
At the request of the Food and Drug Administration, Fort Dodge Animal Health voluntarily ceased production of ProHeart 6, and recalled all ProHeart 6 that had been distributed to veterinarians until the FDA's concerns about the drug's safety are resolved.	Dodge products have been recalled.
Chrysler said it would recall 145,099 of its 2006 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup trucks to fix the passenger air bag and seat belt.	Dodge products have been recalled.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission recently unveiled an initiative aimed at reducing defective products and their recalls.	Dodge products have been recalled.
Heart disease and stroke are cardiovascular (heart and blood vessel) diseases caused by smoking. Heart disease and stroke are also the first and third leading causes of death in the United States.	Smoking causes diseases.
Smoking causes diseases in nearly every organ of the body, according to a comprehensive report on smoking and health from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).	Smoking causes diseases.
Smokers have more upper and lower respiratory tract infections than nonsmokers. This happens because smoking damages your body's defenses against infections.	Smoking causes diseases.
Later reports concluded that smoking causes cancers of the bladder, esophagus, mouth and throat; cardiovascular diseases and reproductive effects.	Smoking causes diseases.
There are considerable gaps in our knowledge of modern forms, but we do know that during the Carboniferous period hundreds of different amphibian forms roamed the swamps. Apart from caecilians modern amphibians lost their fish-like scales and developed a soft skin.	Frogs live in swamps.
With so many species of toads and frogs, it is not surprising that they inhabit a wide variety of habitats. Some live in arid desert regions, some live in mountainous regions, and others live in swamps.	Frogs live in swamps.
The U.S. enjoyed miraculously long immunity from the dreaded plague that used to sweep Europe.	Black plague swept Europe.
The black plague lasted four years and killed about one-third of the population of Europe, or approximately 20 million people.	Black plague swept Europe.
Humanity originated from Africa. So too have many pandemics, including the bubonic plague.	Black plague swept Europe.
Therefore, no Turkish influences are found in Moroccan culture and art that stretch to a long unbroken tradition going back to Islamic Spain.	Gulf War influences modern art.
Norris continues this important work with originality and clarity as she explores the relation between modern art and mass warfare.	Gulf War influences modern art.
Poetry and politics have been bedfellows since before "The Iliad" catered to the leading class of Greeks by identifying contemporary leaders with the heroes of the Trojan War.	Poetry and politics affect one the other.
It's definitely a trickle-down theory. A relatively small number of educated people read poetry, and written poetry affects songwriting, and songwriting affects masses of people. Poetry becomes an expression that filters into the world slowly.	Poetry and politics affect one the other.
Murder has shown itself to be the preferred method of censorship in at least five cases in Russia this year.	Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Information nights are arranged regularly. This allows deaf people to access information about certain things through the help of a sign language interpreter.	Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
Triceratops fossils are far and away the most common dinosaur remains found in the latest Cretaceous rocks in the western United States (up to 70% of the fauna in some areas).	Dinosaur remains found in Asia.
The Dutch soldiers have been described as "cowards" for their part in failing to protect the Bosniak refugees, with some soldiers reportedly sharing "cups of coffee" with Serb troops. Commander Thomas Karremans, who was in charge of Dutch troops in Srebrenica at the time, was filmed drinking a toast with war-crimes suspect and Serb general Ratko Mladic.	Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
There was guerrilla fighting in the Pacific and East Asian theatres of World War II.	Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
In 2003, the global dairy products market saw value sales in U.S. dollar terms increase by 10.4 percent, largely due to the increasing strength of the euro against the U.S. dollar.	Milk consumption increases in Europe.
The NATO Secretary General, Willy Claes, said today that he was considering resigning, after a Belgian parliamentary commission decided this morning to recommend that the country's highest court indict him in a widening arms corruption scandal.	NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
In November 1994, News of Norway reviewed a Norwegian novel just released in the United States, "Sophie's World" by the high school philosophy teacher and author Jostein Gaarder.	"Sophie's World" is a best seller.
Latin America's billionaires now have a combined fortune of more than $115 billion.	The number of billionaires increases.
The Eskimos, seal-hunting peoples scattered around the Arctic, plan to seek a ruling from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights that the United States, by contributing substantially to global warming, is threatening their existence.	Seal-hunting endangers species.
In last year's USA today best seller list Nora Roberts was the second most read author after J.K. Rowling.	"Sophie's World" is a best seller.
Thus he traveled into the city of which he was the bishop, and even to a few places outside Rome, beginning the tradition of papal journeys which would culminate with Pope John Paul II, who has become by far the most widely traveled pope in all of history.	Papal travel is affected by political concerns.
Anti-nuclear activists on Saturday delayed a waste train from northern France to northern Germany by several hours, said the French reprocessing company, Areva.	Nuclear waste transport was stopped in Germany.
The greenhouse effect can be visualized as follows: Imagine that Earth has been encircled by a giant glass sphere. The heat of the sun penetrates through the glass. Some of the heat is absorbed by the Earth, and some of it is radiated back towards space. The radiated heat reaches the glass sphere and is prevented from dispersing any further.	Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
Meanwhile, the EU continued to refuse to sponsor a resolution on China at the U.N. Commission on Human Rights.	EU refuses commission candidates.
The story of Nick Leeson, who caused the collapse of Britain's Barings Bank in February 1995, is perhaps the quintessential tale of financial risk management gone wrong.	Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank.
It is an honoured obligation of the citizens of the People's Republic of China to perform military service and to join the militia forces.".	People are willing to risk imprisonment rather than perform military service.
It marked the first official visit of Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to Saudi Arabia as he spoke with its leader, King Abdullah. Both leaders have expressed concern over sectarian tensions in Iraq, fearing they could spread through the Middle East.	The President of Iran is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran met with King Abdullah here in the Saudi capital on Saturday to address the Middle East's growing sectarian and political crises.	The President of Iran is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
King Abdullah and Ahmadinejad were believed to be focused on finding ways to end the political standoff in Lebanon between Hezbollah, backed by Iran, and the government of Fouad Siniora, supported by the United States.	The President of Iran is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Calgary, Alberta and the southern Alberta city of Lethbridge became the eighth and ninth cities in Canada to ban smoking in bars and restaurants.	The capital of Alberta is Edmonton.
Long known as the gateway to the Canadian Rockies, home to the world's largest mall, and Canada's Festival City, Edmonton, Alberta now occupies a new position among Canadian destinations as the 2007 Cultural Capital - and with good reason.	The capital of Alberta is Edmonton.
"I believe what Prime Minister Harper is doing is opening up consultation in terms of how to bring about Senate reform and we're going to work with him," said Stelmach in Edmonton, the capital of Alberta.	The capital of Alberta is Edmonton.
Californian Democrat Nancy Pelosi, 66-years-old, has been named the 60th United States Speaker of the House with the votes 233-202. She is the first female House speaker in United States history.	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House.
Nancy Pelosi was chosen by Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives to take the title and role of House Speaker on Thursday. Unanimously chosen, Pelosi will be the first woman Speaker in US history.	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
Waxman also stated his understanding that either the Speaker of the House or his staff called the White House to inform President Bush of the situation before signing the bill. Another letter was written March 22 by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Congressman Waxman asking the White House to respond.	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
Sir John Mills, Academy Award winner, BAFTA Fellow, and Disney Legend, has died, aged 97, at his home in Denham, Buckinghamshire after a short illness.	Jamie Foxx was awarded the Best Actor prize at the 2005 BAFTA Awards.
The big-budget Hollywood movie "The Aviator" and the low-budget Brit flick "Vera Drake" have scooped the main prizes at the 2005 Orange BAFTA Film Awards. Four gongs went to "The Aviator" with the top ones being Best Film and Cate Blanchett for Best Supporting Actress. "Vera Drake" got three gongs with Best Director, Best Actress and Costume Design. Jamie Foxx got Best Actor with Ray and Clive Owen got Best Supporting Actor with Closer.	Jamie Foxx was awarded the Best Actor prize at the 2005 BAFTA Awards.
The Cassini Spacecraft has taken images from July 22, 2006 that show rivers and lakes present on Saturn's moon Titan.	The Cassini Spacecraft reached Titan.
NASA launched Cassini-Huygens, the largest interplanetary space craft ever built, on October 15, 1997. The craft arrived at Saturn orbit in July of 2004. It is the fourth craft to visit Saturn and the first to orbit the planet.	The Cassini Spacecraft reached Titan.
Images from the Huygens probe show that liquid methane flows through and into Titan's rivers, channels, lakes, springs, and other as-yet-undiscovered bodies of liquid. Titan is Saturn's largest moon, and the moon the Cassini-Huygens probe is inspecting.	The Cassini Spacecraft reached Titan.
Brooks issued a statement to President Bush, and NNSA (National Nuclear Security Administration) employees, saying that he would resign "shortly".	NNSA is the National Nuclear Security Administration.
The United States Transportation Security Administration has announced plans to reduce the number of security screeners in US airports. The cutbacks come despite an increased TSA budget for 2006 and an overall increase in airport traffic.	NNSA is the National Nuclear Security Administration.
This statement was made by Egypt's Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal Affairs Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr.	Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr is the Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal Affairs of Egypt.
Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr stated that soon Egypt will take necessary steps to present the idea on the international arena.	Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr is the Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal Affairs of Egypt.
Klassen will also be racing in the 2010 winter Olympic games in Vancouver, British Columbia and in nearby Whistler, British Columbia, a popular snow skiing destination.	The 2010 Winter Olympics will be held in Vancouver.
BC Place Stadium was opened in June 1983 and is scheduled as a key venue for the 2010 Winter Olympics.	The 2010 Winter Olympics will be held in Vancouver.
Canadian PM Stephen Harper will shuffle his cabinet today at 11:00 a.m. ET.	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.
About 25,000 people including Prime Minister Stephen Harper, his wife and their two children were there. The party got started at about 12:00, noon ET. The ceremony was in English and in French.	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper reportedly failed to explain why this country is fighting in Afghanistan, while the Harper government won parliamentary approval for a two-year extension of Canada's mission.	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.
The largest telecom company in Brazil, Brasil Telecom, has blocked its users from accessing YouTube following a court order to shut down the popular video sharing website.	YouTube is a video website.
Since the late 1960s, the former Archbishop spied on members of the Church for about 20 years. After the Gazeta Polska newspaper published allegations of his actions on December 20, Wielgus denied them.	The Archbishop of Warsaw is Stanislaw Wielgus.
Nominations for the Genie Awards, Canada's leading motion picture honours, were announced on Tuesday by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television.	The Genie Awards are film honours.
The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story was Canada's most-honoured film from 2006 at Tuesday's 27th Genie Awards in Toronto.	The Genie Awards are film honours.
The name Ganga-Dham comes from the Indian words Ganga, for the Ganges, and Dham, meaning "place" or "abode".	Ganga is a Hindu goddess.
India's yearly pilgrimage to the Ganges river, worshiped by Hindus as the goddess Ganga, is the world's largest gathering of people, with around 70 million participants, dwarfing other religious pilgrimages.	Ganga is a Hindu goddess.
Movie studio company, New Line Cinema has announced that movie director Peter Jackson will never be allowed to work on another New Line film. This announcement will also mean that Mr Jackson will not be allowed to film the prequel titled "The Hobbit" to "The Lord of the Rings" films he directed.	"The Lord of the Rings" was directed by Peter Jackson.
In an interview with the Sci Fi Wire, Robert Shaye, co-chairman of New Line and executive producer of "The Lord of the Rings," said that New Line does not want to do any films, including "The Hobbit," with Mr Jackson in the future.	"The Lord of the Rings" was directed by Peter Jackson.
Cypriot cargo ship "Server" went down in Norwegian territory of the North Sea near the Norwegian city Bergen around 6pm local time on January 12.	A shipwreck took place in the North Sea.
2channel, the largest Internet forum in the world and an ISP in Japan, has been shuttered by a Japanese court ruling in a civil slander case.	2channel is an Internet forum.
2channel is hosted in California but the domain name is registered in Japan.	2channel is an Internet forum.
A spokeswoman for Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger says he will veto the bill "out of respect for the will of the people" in the approval of Proposition 22, which opposed recognizing out-of-state same-sex marriages.	Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has denied clemency for gang founder Stanley "Tookie" Williams, a death row inmate in California convicted of four murders in the 1979.	Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.
In denying clemency Californian Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said "Without apology and atonement for these senseless and brutal killings, there can be no redemption.".	Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.
The head of the Israel Defense Forces, Lt. Gen. Dan Halutz resigned on Tuesday January 16, 2007 after an internal review criticized his military's leadership during the war in Lebanon last summer.	Dan Halutz is the head of the Israel Defense Forces.
Releasing a video on her website, Hillary Clinton announced today that she will be forming a presidential exploratory committee. "I'm in. And I'm in to win", the Democrat Senator for New York announced on her website today, confirming the widely held assumption that she will seek the U.S. presidency in 2008.	Hillary Clinton is a NY Democratic Senator.
United States Senator Hillary Clinton has been holding discussions about and interviewing potential campaign staff for a White House bid in 2008.	Hillary Clinton is a NY Democratic Senator.
One New York Democrat, who asked to not be named, said he was recently called by a senior Clinton team member.	Hillary Clinton is a NY Democratic Senator.
David Cameron, leader of the U.K. Conservative Party has outlined his vision for the future of a multicultural Britain in an article published in the Observer on January 28, 2007.	David Cameron belongs to the U.K. Conservative Party.
Conservative Leader of the Opposition David Cameron responded to the resignations by saying the government was "divided and in meltdown".	David Cameron belongs to the U.K. Conservative Party.
David Cameron has been elected the new leader of the United Kingdom Conservative Party, beating off his rival David Davis by a factor of two to one in a postal ballot of the nationwide party membership.	David Cameron belongs to the U.K. Conservative Party.
YouTube has announced it will share the revenue, yielded due to video clips placed at the site, with their copyright owners. At present day YouTube represents the most popular site sharing on-line video.	YouTube is a video website.
The pictures were taken by America's foremost celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz, in David Beckham's current home of Spain, where he plays for football club Real Madrid.	David Beckham plays for Real Madrid.
The Real Madrid midfielder and captain of the England national team David Beckham and his ex-Spice Girl wife Victoria have given birth to a baby son called Cruz Beckham.	David Beckham plays for Real Madrid.
David Beckham has announced he no longer wishes to be the captain of England's football team.	David Beckham plays for Real Madrid.
The famous Greek cinema and theatre actor, Nikos Kourkoulos died at the Ericos Dynan Hospital of Athens, after a long-standing fight with cancer.	Nikos Kourkoulos was a Greek actor.
Nikos Kourkoulos played in several movies, both in Greece and abroad.	Nikos Kourkoulos was a Greek actor.
Kourkoulos was married to the daughter of the Greek tycoon Yiannis Latsis, Marianna Latsis, and had 3 children.	Nikos Kourkoulos was a Greek actor.
India's steelmaker Tata Steel, of the Tata Group, buys Anglo-Dutch steel giant Corus Group for £6.7 billion ($12 billion), making it the world's fifth largest steel manufacturer.	Tata Steel bought Corus.
Indian firm Tata Steel has won the battle to take over Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus.	Tata Steel bought Corus.
Frank de Jong, 51, leader of the Green Party of Ontario is running in the Ontario by-election for Burlington, Ontario.	De Jong belongs to the Ontario Green Party.
De Jong is up against Progressive Conservative Joyce Savoline, Ontario Liberal Party and former Burlington city councilor Joan Lougheed, and New Democrat Cory Judson.	De Jong belongs to the Ontario Green Party.
The Hubble is the only large visible light and ultra-violet space telescope we have in operation.	Hubble is a Space telescope.
Hubble is a satellite in orbit about 355 miles above Earth. Space shuttles have made four servicing flights to Hubble.	Hubble is a Space telescope.
In the movie she is in a relationship with Alan Grant, whereas in the book she is engaged to a doctor. (In the film "Jurassic Park III" we learn that the relationship between her and Dr. Grant did not work out, although they remain close friends.).	Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Boris Becker is the youngest person to have ever to won Wimbledon. He took the title back in 1985 when he was just seventeen years old.	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Boris Becker is the youngest man ever to raise the Wimbledon trophy.	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Mike Jittlov, a master of special effects who's strutted his stuff in several short films, is both the director and star of "The Wizard of Speed and Time".	The movie “Speed” was directed by Jan De Bont.
Speed director Jan De Bont is back at the helm for part 2.	The movie “Speed” was directed by Jan De Bont.
The current president of Spain is Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of the P.S.O.E. (Spanish Socialist Workers Party). He took over from José Maria Aznar of the Popular Party in the election of March 2004, just after the Madrid bombings.	Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Alvaro Uribe is the president of Spain, an interesting character, who, by the way, had his own father shot by rebel militia.	Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Felipe González Márquez, born in 1942, Spanish politician, prime minister of Spain from 1982 to 1996. His country's longest-serving post-war prime minister, González played a critical role in the establishment of democratic government in Spain after the long dictatorship of Francisco Franco.	Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Neil Alden Armstrong is a former American astronaut, test pilot, and Naval Aviator who is widely known for being the first human ever to set foot on the Moon.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
In 1969, Armstrong was commander of Apollo 11, the first manned lunar landing mission, and gained the distinction of being the first man to land a craft on the Moon and the first man to step on its surface.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
On 20 July 1969, Neil Armstrong became the first human being to set foot on the moon. Armstrong was a veteran aviator: he had flown 78 combat missions over Korea as a Navy fighter pilot, then joined NASA as a civilian test pilot. He was accepted into the astronaut corps in 1962. Armstrong was the pilot of the Gemini 8 mission (launched 16 March 1966) and then was named commander for the Apollo 11 mission of 1969.	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Cyrillic is a port of a freeware X Window Cyrillic font to Newton platform (Unicode). Please observe the original copyright (see the enclosed BDF font header for detail). Also enclosed are code translation modules for GNUE's (aka Makoto Nukui) NTEncoding. You are able to send/receive file in the software which support NTEncoding.	Cyrillic is a Window's program.
Cyrillic is a powerful program that brings together all the tools you need for drawing family pedigrees, and managing and analyzing pedigree data.	Cyrillic is a Window's program.
The Qin Shi Huang Mausoleum is the tomb of Emperor Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty (221BC-207BC) and also of China.	Qin Shi Huang was the first Emperor of China.
The unification of China 221 BC under the First Emperor (Qin Shi Huangdi) marked the beginning of imperial China, a period that lasted until the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1912.	Qin Shi Huang was the first Emperor of China.
An accord between Israel and Egypt in 1978 led to a negotiated peace between those two nations, signed in Washington DC on March 26, 1979, the first between Israel and any of its Arab neighbours.	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
1979 : a glimmer of peace: Israel and Egypt signed a peace treaty , spawning hopes of a broader Mideast solution.	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
Elizabeth II, eldest daughter of Albert, Duke of York ( later George VI ) and Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, was born in London on 21st April, 1926 at 17, Bruton Street, Mayfair, the London home of her maternal grandparents, Claud, Earl of Strathmore and Nina Cecilia Cavendish-Bentinck.	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
Elizabeth II has been the United Kingdom's reigning monarch since 1952. She was proclaimed queen on 6 February 1952 following the death of her father, George VI; she was formally crowned the next year, on 2 June 1953.	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
Sir John Ramsey, Earl of Holdernesse was born circa 1580. He married, firstly, Elizabeth Ratcliffe, daughter of Robert Ratcliffe, 5th Earl of Essex and Bridget Morrison, on 8 February 1607/8. He married, secondly, Martha Cokayne, daughter of Sir William Cokayne, in July 1624.	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
First lady Laura Bush and Bush's parents, former President George H.W. Bush and his wife, Barbara, attended the ceremony on the front porch of the woodframe, three-bedroom home.	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Bush returned home as a war hero. He married Barbara and enrolled at Yale.	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist and winner of the Nobel prize for literature.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez won the Nobel for Literature.
The famous Colombian novelist known world-wide for his masterfully weaving of the magic realism genre, was born in 1928 in the small town of Aracataca, Colombia. Garcia Marquez was raised by his grandparents, who would often tell him wonderous stories, fables and fairy tales.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist.
Dynamite Nobel is formed by the fusion of Nobel's Italian and Swiss companies.	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Alfred Nobel was a great inventor and had 355 patents overall. Others to mention, besides dynamite, include synthetic rubber and leather, and artificial silk.	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
By 1861 Alfred Nobel's father was producing the newest explosive - nitroglycerin.	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
The second biggest pleasure park behind Euro Disney is a great adventure for young and old children. Many rides, shows and other attractions are waiting there for you.	Euro-Disney is an entertainment park.
Charles de Gaulle, 1890–1970, French general and statesman, was the first president (1959–69) of the Fifth Republic.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
Former French president General Charles de Gaulle died in November. More than 6,000 people attended a requiem mass for him at Notre Dame cathedral in Paris.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
When Charles de Gaulle died in 1970, he requested that no one from the French government should attend his funeral.	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal and their name comes from the city state of Goorka, which they were closely associated with at their inception.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
Gurkhas are pretty mild-mannered, polite and rather shy folks. In fact most villagers from those hill-regions (Garhwalis, Kumounis, Dogras etc.) are all pretty gentle people, even though they have a long and distinguished history of military service.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The world famous Gurkhas come from the high mountains of Nepal.	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The Normandy landings took place on 6th June 1944, but the Germans even then thought that the ‘real' Allied invasion of Europe would take place in the Pas de Calais or the Low Countries.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
D-Day - The Normandy Landings: airborne troops led the D-Day landings (June 6, 1944) in a combined parachute and glider assault, to throw a net of protection around the Normandy beaches, where a massive invasion force would sweep ashore and advance into Europe.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
On June 6, 1944, Allied naval, air and ground forces operating with airborne assault troops and paratroopers overwhelmed the German "West Wall" defenses built along France's Channel Coast.	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl said Thursday he will not break pledges he made to campaign contributors by publicly disclosing their names even though his Christian Democrat party has directed him to reveal their identities.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
The architect of European Monetary Union, the former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, is appearing before the parliamentary committee of enquiry into the illicit funding of the Christian Democrat party he led for twenty years.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
He has resigned his position as honorary chairman of the main opposition Social Democrats after he admitted accepting illegal payments to party funds.	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
March 1 marked eleven years since the death of TV broadcaster Vladislav Listyev who was shot and killed just one month after his appointment General Director of the ORT channel. His murder remains undisclosed, although the search for his killers continues.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
March 1995 - leading journalist Vladislav Listyev shot dead in Moscow.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
The death of much-loved TV anchorman Vladislav Listyev the previous year had already established that fame was no protection from the hired guns.	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
Victor Emmanuel III (1869-1947) was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946. His cooperation with Mussolini helped bring an end to the Italian monarchy.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Humbert was the last King of Italy; his first son, Prince of Naples, is the current Head of the House of Savoy.	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
The reigns of Victor Emmanuel II (1861–78) and Humbert I (1878–1900), and the first half of the reign of Victor Emmanuel III (1900–1946) were marked by moderate social and political reforms and by some industrial expansion in Northern Italy (mainly in the 20th cent.).	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
From 1835 to 1839 Franz Liszt lived with Marie Catherine Sophie de Flavigny, ex-wife of the Comte d'Agoult. She is better known by her pen name, "Daniel Stern." They had two daughters, Blandina (1835-1862) and Cosima (1837-1930), and one son, Daniel (1839-1859).	Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Significant naval battle of the Persian Wars, the first ever recorded. Aeschylus served in the battle and wrote "The Persians", which is the earliest of his works to survive.	"The Persians" were written by Aeschylus.
Later, when John Cage returned to California, in the Pacific Palisades, he wrote songs with texts by Gertrude Stein and choruses from "The Persians" of Aeschylus.	"The Persians" were written by Aeschylus.
When Muhammad died, leadership fell to his father-in-law, Abu Bakr, who became the first caliph (khalifa , or successor), a position that combined spiritual and secular power.	Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Umar Al Khattab, Muhammad's father-in-law by marriage to his daughter Hafsa, The second recognized khalifa, belonged to the great Meccan family of Banu Umayya, the branch of which descended Abu'l Aasi, who was Umar's grandfather.	Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Created by Rob-Vel in 1938, Spirou was drawn by Franquin between 1946 1968.	Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
The walking disaster Gaston Lagaffe was created by Franquin in the pages of Spirou and spun off in these short gag strips.	Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Red Planet Consulting, Inc. is a full-scale project implementation firm that provides expert Smallworld software services to electric, gas and water utilities.	Mars is called "the red planet".
Buddhism is the official religion of Cambodia like Burma and Thailand. But Christianity and Cham Muslims are also popular.	The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
French is also widely spoken in Canada where it is the co-official language with English.	French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
Among the conditions for knowing the Quran is knowing the language in which the Quran has been interpreted and understood. Our predecessors were intent on learning Arabic because of this, for as 'Amr Ibn Khattab said, "I prefer to travel for forty nights to interpret an Ayat in the Book of Allah rather than spend this time at the Masjid of the Prophet (PBU) fasting during the day and praying during the night.".	Arabic is the language of the Quran.
The revelations in the Holy Quran were brought to the Holy Prophet Muhammad by the angel Gabriel in the form of clear words of the Arabic language.	Arabic is the language of the Quran.
Major national and regional newspapers like Aftenposten, VG, DN, Dagbladet, Adresseavisen, Bergens Tidende, and Nordlys will not be published from Thursday on.	Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
Big article in the Norwegian Newspaper called Osloposten about the Scientology company U-MAN. Interviews with Magne Berge and the author of Operation Clambake.	Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
The French railway company SNCF is cooperating in the project.	The French railway company is called SNCF.
The 14 kilometer line uses the old railway line of the Waldkappeler Bahn, which is only used for goods traffic.	The French railway company is called SNCF.
Powell's effort bettered the miraculous gold medal winning jump and previous world record of 8.90m/29-2.50 by Bob Beamon at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City.	2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators filled the streets of Taipei Saturday evening, as several political parties and the Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian voiced their opposition to the new anti-secession law passed by mainland China last week. Protestors chanted "Oppose war, Love Taiwan" in what has been termed a "democratic carnival" in downtown Taipei.	Chen Shui-bian is the President of Taiwan.
Lien called on the Taiwanese (ROC) government, led the independence -leaning President Chen Shui-bian , to follow his meeting with more efforts at peacemaking and suppression of the independence movement. "I believe the door has been opened," said Lien. ".	Chen Shui-bian is the President of Taiwan.
Speakers include Ken Takeuchi, president of Jan Jan, Shintaro Tabata, head of news service at Japan's Livedoor, Professor Clyde Bentley from the University of Missouri and My Missourian.	Chen Shui-bian is the President of Taiwan.
An earthquake with a magnitude of at least 6.2 struck off the coast of Sumatra yesterday, triggering a tsunami alert, officials said. There were no immediate reports of a tsunami, damages or casualties.	A tsunami is a series of waves created when a body of water rapidly displaced on a massive scale.
Panic in Sumatra after new earthquake April 10, 2005. People living on the Indonesian island of Sumatra have fled their homes after an earthquake of magnitude of 6.7 hit the area earlier today. Although the quake was not powerful enough to cause a tsunami , the event sparked fears of a repeat of the December 26 magnitude 9.3 earthquake in which around 300,000 people died. Today's tremor struck 70 miles southwest of Padang, a city in western Sumatra, yet no damage has been reported so far.	A tsunami is a series of waves created when a body of water rapidly displaced on a massive scale.
The most recent underwater volcano eruption was in 1986 and lasted three days. Japan's Meteorological Agency said there was no current danger of a tsunami, often caused by underwater seismic activity.	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no threat of a tsunami to Pacific coastlines, but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter.	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
Quake measuring 6.9 off Japan's Honshu coast November 14, 2005 An earthquake measuring 6.9 on the Richter Scale has been reported off the coast of Japan's main island, Honshu . Whilst a major earthquake, the epicentre was well away from any population centres, and initial tsunami warnings predicting half-meter surges were later withdrawn.	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
The referendum would be held at the same time as the vote to elect Romania's 35 representatives to the European Parliament , as Romania will join the European Union in 2007.	12 members of the European Union use the Euro instead of their own national currencies.
In the interview he said that he knew the Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula for the first time in San Salvador during the Foro de São Paulo.	Lula is the President of Brazil.
In 2004, a group of journalist sent a proposal to the Brazilian president Lula asking for the creation of an inspector organism to control the conduct of the Brazilian press.	Lula is the President of Brazil.
In one instance, a Workers' Party deputy attacked Jefferson's credibility, calling him a liar on the basis that he supported the former Brazilian President Fernando Collor de Mello, who suffered impeachment for corruption related to Treasurer Paulo Cesar Farias, who worked on Collor's campaign.	Lula is the President of Brazil.
In the last two years in the Darfur region more than 70,000 people have been killed, and over 2 million displaced.	More than 200,000 people have been killed in the air attack in the Darfur region.
With Hurricane Katrina likely to strike the city of New Orleans , its mayor, along with the governor of Louisiana , has officially enforced a mandatory evacuation for the city. All citizens, with the exception of a few individuals essential to the operation of a handful of organizations (such as hotels and the media), should immediately leave the city and head for higher ground. The mayor has stated that rising waters from the Category 5 storm are likely to overtake the city's system of levees , which are designed to prevent flooding in the city.	The Category 5 storm overtook New Orleans levees.
The report made its way to U.S. Congress via Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed similar sentiments, accusing Syria of contributing to instability in Lebanon.	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.
Romania's is one of the largest contingents of any European country in Iraq due to the recent withdrawals or downscaling of Spain , Italy , the Ukraine and Poland . Romania has so far been one of the only NATO countries not announcing a withdrawal.	Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
After a series of testy exchanges between a prosecutor and a prospective juror in the O.J. Simpson murder trial Thursday, Simpson 's attorneys accused government lawyers of treating black jury candidates differently than others.	O.J. Simpson was accused of murder.
In India several million children between ages 5 and 14 are in chronic bondage in agriculture a million in construction brick making and quarry work and several hundred thousand in carpet and jewelry industries according to Kailash Satyarthi chairman of South Asia Coalition on Child Servitude.	Satyarthi is chairman of South Asia Coalition on Child Servitude.
"During the German occupation of Poland in World War II, from 1939 to 1945, all musical life was forbidden," he told The Times in 1985.	World War II was the war that took place from 1939 to 1945.
Ames then met and married Maria del Rosario Casas Ames a low level Colombian diplomat recruited to be a paid agent for the CIA and also according to some who knew the couple a strong minded woman of expensive tastes.	Aldrich Hazen Ames's wife was called Maria.
Pakistan, which fought two of its three wars with India over Kashmir , denies Indian charges that it is arming separatists in the valley.	India and Pakistan have fought three wars for the possession of Kashmir.
Gov. George W. Bush's wife, Laura, and his 24-year-old nephew, George P. Bush, will have featured roles at next week's Republican National Convention in Philadelphia.	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.
On the Republican side, Texas Governor George W. Bush and his wife, Laura, made a tape recording urging people to vote; the automated calls were left on voters' answering machines.	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.
Over 30 women had also left their marks on the world's highest peak, among them Junko Tabei of Japan, the pioneer who climbed successfully in May, 1975.	Alison Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen.
Lute Jerstad, 61, who in 1963 became one of the first Americans to climb Mt. Everest, died of a heart attack on Saturday in Tukla, just 500 feet (150 meters) short of the 15,000 feet (4,545 meter) peak of Mt. Kalapatar.	Alison Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen.
In Hungary, Zoltan Illes, chairman of Parliament's Environment Committee said the spill represents Europe's "biggest environmental catastrophe" since the 1986 nuclear reactor catastrophe at Chernobyl.	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
Energy Secretary Bill Richardson made clear he was worried about the performance of reactors in former Soviet states, especially those in Ukraine, the site of the Chernobyl catastrophe in 1986.	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
The explosion of the No. 4 reactor at Ukraine's Chernobyl power plant in April 1986 was the worst civilian nuclear catastrophe to date.	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
Cartoon News reprints a bunch of political cartoons published after the Titanic sank in 1912.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
However, there are some who believe that the real disaster in the North Atlantic on that cold April 1998 morning was not that the Titanic sank with the loss of 1,500 lives.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
The Titanic's sinking after hitting an iceberg on April 14, 1912, may have taken the greatest toll on the third-class passengers, but the tragedy did not spare those in the first and second classes.	The Titanic sank in 1912.
When the first space boot touched onto the bald surface of the Moon, on July 20, 1969, Neil Armstrong said famously, "That's one small step for man, one giant step for mankind.".	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
By 2015, he predicted, the mankind is expected to establish their first research center on the moon, which will serve as a natural platform for earth observation, an outpost for deep space probes, and a transfer post and experimental center for mankind.	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
In his first news conference in years, at an anniversary celebration Friday (July 16, 1999), Armstrong said he came up with the line after he and Buzz Aldrin landed on the moon on July 20, 1969, four days after lifting off from Kennedy Space Center.	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
In his first year, he supported the gun lobby's most prized goal of the decade: a sweeping repeal of federal gun laws that had been enacted after the murders of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther King in 1968.	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Two documents that a former FBI agent said he took from James Earl Ray's car in 1968 after the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. have passed one scientific test designed to detect whether they are bogus, a federal official says.	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
On March 10, 1969, James Earl Ray was sentenced to 99 years in a Tennessee prison after he pleaded guilty to the murder of Martin Luther King Jr., but for blacks that hardly seemed recompense.	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
On Tuesday, Israel's chief Ashkenazi rabbi, Meir Israel Lau, met in his office with a group of Catholic priests from Rome -members of the peace group St. Egidio- and handed them a letter for Pope John Paul II, who was born in Poland.	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Pope John Paul II began his longest pilgrimage to his native Poland today at the site of one of his papacy's greatest triumphs: the Baltic coast city where the Solidarity movement that toppled communism was born.	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Pope John Paul II arrived Saturday in the birthplace of the Solidarity movement that he sparked with his first papal visit 20 years ago, offering Poles "the greeting of a fellow Pole who comes among you to fulfill the needs of his own heart.".	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
The Mozart segment, for instance, takes an unsentimental view of the composer's popular success and subsequent decline, and relates it with a few swift strokes to the cultural politics of imperial Vienna.	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
"Rosetta," a Belgian film about an unemployed young woman trying desperately to carve out a normal life, won top honors at the 52nd annual Cannes Film Festival Sunday.	The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
It fell apart when steamy French actress Sophie Marceau emerged to present the Palme D'Or, or Golden Palm, to Belgium's "Rosetta.".	The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
Lewis will receive the Golden Lion career award on Sept. 11, the last day of the Venice festival, when his film about a hapless worker at a Miami hotel will be screened, organizers said Friday.	The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
Weimar in Germany is the 1999 European City of Culture, an honor that coincides with the 250th anniversary of the birth of one of its most famous sons, the poet and intellect Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was born in Germany.
A poll conducted by Newsweek following the Republican National Convention showed that President Bill Clinton had 44 percent support, Dole received 42 percent and the candidate nominated by Perot's Reform Party received only 3 percent.	Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
U.S. President Bill Clinton talked by telephone with Northern Ireland Protestant and Catholic leaders to congratulate them on their joint election victory.	Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
The British medical journal The Lancet reported in March that he had been hospitalized for months in Ethiopia, had spent nine days in the intensive care unit at Black Lion Hospital in Addis Ababa after suffering cardiac failure and had been the subject of appeals by Amnesty International and other human rights organizations.	Amnesty International takes care of human rights.
Women inmates in American prisons and jails routinely endure rape and other sexual abuse by male guards and are denied proper medical care, according to an Amnesty International USA report released Thursday.	Amnesty International takes care of human rights.
After being criticized by Conservative Party opponents, British Prime Minister Tony Blair's government recently vowed to deport many asylum seekers and jail others while their requests are processed.	Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Conservative Party leader William Hague attacked British Prime Minister Tony Blair's stance on further European integration Tuesday, accusing him of handing over Britain's rights and powers "slice by slice".	Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been warned by Labor Party officials that his government is seen as "arrogant" by the voters as they become increasingly worried about health, education and transport.	Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Changing the citizenship law requires approval of parliament's upper chamber, the Bundesrat, which represents the 16 federal states of Germany.	Germany has 16 federal states.
The 8,568-meter Mt. Kanchenjunga, the third highest in the world, is located in the border area of Nepal, India and China.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Two members of the 2000 Kanchenjunga Expedition of South Korea successfully scaled the 8,586m high Mt. Kanchenjunga via the south west face Friday, according to the Nepali Tourism Ministry.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
The peak is 8,586 meters high.	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Nearly seven meters in height, Cassini will be carrying 12 separate packages of scientific instruments, as well as a probe, carrying six more bundles of sensors, which is to be dropped on to Titan, Saturn's largest moon.	The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
The diameter of the moon cake is 2.1 meters.	The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3,746 kilometers.
With a diameter of 1,430 miles, Pluto is less than half the size of any other planet and only two-thirds as big as Earth's moon.	The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3,746 kilometers.
With a diameter of 5,230 kilometers, Ganymede is the largest satellite in the solar system - bigger than Mercury and about three-fourths the size of Mars.	The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3,746 kilometers.
On Thursday night they dined with Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a nobel prize winner.
Assisting Gore are physicist Stephen Hawking, Star Trek actress Nichelle Nichols and Gary Gygax, creator of Dungeons and Dragons.	Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
The Yamaguchi-gumi claims a membership of 23,000 gangsters, or "yakuza" as they are called, who engage in businesses, both legal and illegal, including drug-trafficking, gun-smuggling, prostitution, extortion and real-estate swindles.	The yakuza are the Japanese mafia.
Last year Jandl was named one of the 10 most important German-language poets of the 20th century by a jury of more than 50 writers, scholars and critics established by the German-language journal Das Gedicht (The Poem).	Gotthold Ephraim Lessing lived from 1729 to 1781.
The USOC decided last year not to pursue a 2008 candidacy, saying it had little chance of winning so soon after summer games in Atlanta in 1996 and winter games in Salt Lake City in 2002.	Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Among the major achievements in physics I was privileged to report were the discovery of the top quark at Fermilab -the last of six quarks predicted by The Standard Model theory- and the discovery in Japan that the elusive neutrino particle probably has some mass, a finding with profound implications for the fate of the universe.	The Top Quark is the last quark predicted by the Standard Model theory.
The most conspicuous achievement of the Tevatron in its 14 years of operation was the discovery in 1995 of the "top quark," which filled in the last blank space for six quarks allotted by a table of fundamental particles known as the Standard Model.	The Top Quark is the last quark predicted by the Standard Model theory.
We have no idea about a time between roughly 300,000 and 1 billion years after the Big Bang, when the universe was very hazy.	The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
Garry Norris, a former software director at IBM Corp., was to be questioned today at the federal courthouse in Raleigh, N.C. He negotiated important sales contracts for Windows in 1995 and 1996.	Windows is Microsoft operating systems.
Bahrain and Kuwait are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, GCC, a regional political, economic and military organization which also groups Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Oman.	The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
And the movie-makers didn't always heed some of the consultants it paid to advise them, including the highly-respected husband-and-wife team of comet and asteroid specialists Carolyn and the late Eugene Shoemaker.	The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and an astronomer David H. Levy.
Last month, the 1,700-pound craft was renamed NEAR Shoemaker in honor of the late Dr. Eugene M. Shoemaker, a pioneer in the study of asteroid and comet impacts on the planets.	The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and an astronomer David H. Levy.
EVERGLADES NATIONAL PARK, Fla. - On a clear, warm day recently, Dr. Thomas Armentano picked his way through a stand of red mangroves near the southern edge of the Florida peninsula and stepped into a bone dry stretch of marl prairie littered with scores of uprooted, sun-bleached buttonwood trees.	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
South Florida, which had only a half million people when Everglades National Park was created in 1947, now has 6 million people and is expected to have 12 million or more by 2050.	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
The board of the South Florida Water Management District may have to decide as early as next month whether to proceed with buying the community known as the 8 1/2-Square-Mile Area, just east of Everglades National Park.	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
There were 12 original members of NATO at the time of its founding.	The NATO has 16 members.
The 16 NATO members and the 14 countries which used to form the rival Warsaw Pact agreed that there would be significantly less equipment permitted in the area of application in Europe than there was under the original treaty.	The NATO has 16 members.
Alluding to Greece's proposal, and other differences within the alliance, Albright said "there are a variety of ideas" among the diverse 19 NATO member nations.	The NATO has 16 members.
Coming at a time when the world's two leading auction houses, Sotheby's and Christie's, are embroiled in an embarrassing price-fixing scandal, Phillips, which is based in London, is causing a considerable stir with its conspicuous and costly effort to reinvent itself as an important player in New York.	Christie's is one of the world's largest auction houses.
NUCOR has pioneered a giant mini-mill in which steel is poured into continuous casting machines.	Nucor has pioneered the first mini-mill.
NUCOR has pioneered a giant mini-mill in which steel is poured into continuous casting machines.	The NUCOR process casts thin slabs of steel.
The most common technology in mini-mills, thin steel slab casting was developed by SMS and put into use by NUCOR.	SMS developed a new steel casting process.
NUCOR giant mini-mill process is estimated to cut production costs by 10%.	NUCOR giant mini-mill may cut costs by 10%.
Electric arc furnaces burn scrap metal into molten steel which is formed into slabs just two inches thick which are immediately compressed into even thinner finished steel.	Scrap metal is liquefied in electric furnaces.
Electric arc furnaces burn scrap metal into molten steel which is formed into slabs just two inches thick which are immediately compressed into even thinner finished steel.	Finished steel is produced by compression.
The single-run production process is much quicker.	Single-run production cuts time costs.
The process is much quicker and less capital intensive than traditional steel-making but depends on an inexpensive supply of scrap metal and electricity.	The new steel making technology is less capital intensive.
The mini-mill production is much quicker and less capital intensive than traditional steel-making but depends on an inexpensive supply of scrap metal and electricity.	The mini-mill production requires high cost of energy and scrap metal.
Companies considering or planning such plants are: a consortium of TRICO Steel, British Steel and Sumitomo Metal Industries.	There will be a US-UK-Japanese joint venture (Trico Steel).
Iran's population growth rate of 3.9 per cent a year in the early 1980s was among the highest in the world.	Iran's growth rate was once 3.9 percent.
Iran's family planning programme has been 'an achievement' because of the strength of the government's commitment.	Iran has set up a government program for population control.
The 24-year-old forest guard was shot in the head, face and shoulder.	A shoot-to-kill policy against poachers was instituted in some African countries.
In 1989, CITES, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, banned the trade in ivory.	Ivory trade was banned during a convention in 1989.
The world 's population is set to reach a staggering 10bn by the middle of 21st century up from 5.7bn now.	The world population will probably reach over 10 billion in 2050.
The world 's population is set to reach a staggering 10bn by the middle of the next century up from 5.7bn now.	The current world population is 5.7 billion.
Fourteen European countries with about 5 % of the world 's population have reached zero population growth and Japan, France and Finland are, among others, headed in that direction.	Japan is headed toward zero population growth.
The chaotic development gobbling up the Amazon rain forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries and leading scientists from around the world.	A new plan has been developed to rein in the chaotic development in the Amazon forest.
Features of the plan include the creation of a national fund for environmental protection, suspension of subsidies for cattle ranchers in the Amazon Basin and new controls on pesticides.	National funds are assigned to the control of pesticides.
Nucor reckons that the SMS process gives it a Dollars 50 to Dollars 70 a ton production cost advantage over Big Steel.	Nucor's process has cost advantages.
US STEEL, the largest integrated steel manufacturer in the US, is considering building a new steel plant to combat America's fast-growing steel mini-mills on their own ground.	US Steel's mini-mill will be located in Ohio.
US Steel could even have a technical advantage over Nucor since one new method of steel-making it is considering, thin strip casting, may produce higher quality steel than Nucor's thin-slab technique.	Strip casting is expected to produce a superior quality of steel.
Frog would become legendary as one of the nation's first and most effective narcotics-sniffing dogs.	Dogs are used to sniff out narcotics.
In the last decade, employment of the dogs has escalated from a novelty to a necessity for most law enforcement agencies.	Dogs are used in law enforcement.
Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses gained widespread acceptance around 1980.	Use of dogs in sniffing out narcotics became common around 1980.
Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses didn't gain widespread acceptance until about 10 years ago.	Dogs are used to sniff out narcotics.
Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses didn't gain widespread acceptance until about 10 years ago.	Police departments use dogs.
The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters.	The development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' waters requires cooperation with Argentina.
It emerged yesterday that the Ministry of Defence has turned down a request from Argentina to allow a limited supply of UK-manufactured spare parts to the Argentine navy, begun during the Gulf war.	The UK Ministry of Defence has turned down a request for supplies from Argentina.
Argentina and Britain announced an agreement Thursday to restore full diplomatic ties nearly eight years after they fought a 74 day war over the Falkland Islands a sparsely populated archipelago off Argentina coast in the South Atlantic Ocean.	Full diplomatic relations between Argentina and Britain were re-established after 74 days.
Today Argentina gets out the red carpet for the UK Duke of York, the first official royal visitor since the end of the Anglo-Argentine Falklands war in 1982.	The Duke of York became the first official royal visitor to Argentina since 1982.
However, talks are planned later this year to resume training courses for Argentine officers at British military academies.	Argentine officers may be trained in UK military academies.
Slovakia has attracted a mere 4% of the estimated Dollars 800m of foreign investment which has flowed into Czechoslovakia in the past two years.	Slovakia has recently attracted large foreign investments.
Czech and Slovak leaders announced early today that they had agreed to prepare the splitting up of Czechoslovakia into two separate states.	Czech and Slovak will be split into two separate states.
Czech and Slovak leaders said the regional parliaments would decide on how best to divide Czechoslovakia into two states.	Regional parliaments of Czech and Slovak will decide how to divide Czechoslovakia into two states.
Agreement on the break-up of the state has been one of the few points of consensus between the winners of June's general elections in Czechoslovakia -the Civic Democratic party in the Czech republic and the Slovak Movement for a Democratic Slovakia.	Czech and Slovak leaders approved a law which ensures the legal break-up of the federation.
An estimated 100,000 ethnic Slovaks, most of them living in the Czech Republic, have applied to relinquish their citizenship since Czechoslovakia broke into separate states.	100,000 Slovaks have applied to change citizenship.
On New Year's day, 1993, Slovaks sloughed off a thousand year subservience to Hungary and seven decades as the junior partner in Czechoslovakia and celebrated the birth of a sovereign, independent, internationally recognised republic.	On January 1, 1993, Czechoslovakia became an independent republic.
The government's plans for reorganising local government in Wales and Scotland should be withdrawn.	The government intends to reorganize Welsh local government.
Self-containing flats will be provided to enable hostel residents to move into long-term accommodation, while Salvation Army social workers and volunteers have been trained in outreach work to make contact with homeless people on the streets.	The Salvation Army is working to make contact with homeless people.
Self-containing flats will be provided to enable hostel residents to move into long-term accommodation, while Salvation Army social workers and volunteers have been trained in outreach work to make contact with homeless people on the streets.	The Salvation Army provides apartments as long-term accommodation for needy hostel residents.
Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army's drug- and alcohol-rehabilitation service.	Proceeds from thrift stores fund drug and alcohol rehabilitation services.
The Tory dream of challenging Labour superiority in its south Wales heartland lay in tatters yesterday - while Plaid Cymru, the Welsh nationalist party, was celebrating the fact that it now has more MPs than the higher-profile Scottish National party.	Plaid Cymru is the Welsh nationalist party.
The government will delay the implementation of local government reform in Wales for a year in what could be an embarrassment for Mr John Redwood, the Welsh secretary.	The Welsh government has delayed the implementation of the reform for a year.
Indonesia's tin industry is expected to return to profit in 1992 with the dominant state-owned tin mine, Tambang Timah, having cut production costs by 25 per cent since 1990.	Indonesia cut tin production costs by 25%.
Indonesia is the world's third largest tin producer after Brazil and Malaysia and had an export quota at the end of last year of 28,376 tonnes a year.	Indonesia is one of the world's largest tin producers.
Malaysia's tin industry, suffering its worst production slump since the second world war, has been dealt a body blow with the announcement that Malaysia mining corporation, one of the country's biggest tin producers, is pulling out of tin mining.	The Malaysia Mining Corp. was one of the world's biggest tin producers.
Drugs must go through expensive licensing procedures in individual countries at the same time.	Drugs must go through the licensing processes.
The other is a growing sentiment among judges that white-collar criminals should be treated the same as others.	White-collar criminals are treated the same as others.
These new molecular design methods will become increasingly significant for the industry and in 10 to 30 years will account for many of the new drugs on the market.	Molecular design methods are used for drug development.
A federal judge sentenced an apparently stunned Michael Milken to 10 years in prison Wednesday after ruling that the crimes he pleaded guilty to were neither minor nor isolated.	Milken was given a 10-year sentence.
A federal judge sentenced an apparently stunned Michael Milken to 10 years in prison Wednesday after ruling that the crimes he pleaded guilty to were neither minor nor isolated.	Milken was sentenced to prison for minor crimes.
But the planned trip by an aircraft which is normally used by the Argentine navy to transport military equipment would have almost certainly fuelled stiff opposition from the Falkland islanders.	The Falkland islanders blocked the trip of an Argentine navy's military aircraft.
Argentina is tying any long-term agreement to British concessions to share oil development and lift the arms embargo.	Argentina lifts arms embargo.
The ECGD decision follows the successful bid by Babcock International of the UK to supply computer-controlled inspection equipment to the Atucha II nuclear power station being built 70 miles north-west of Buenos Aires.	Babcock International supplied nuclear expertise to Argentina.
On the domestic tobacco front, operating income rose by 12 per cent to Dollars 914m, with "slightly higher unit volume".	US tobacco income has risen.
In terms of operating profits, the sharpest advance was seen in Philip Morris' international tobacco division.	Philip Morris gains on the international market.
He was a particular nuisance to Amazon cattle ranchers, who clear-cut vast tracts of trees to graze cattle for beef to be exported, mostly to developed countries.	Ranchers clear-cut vast tracts of the Amazon forest to graze cattle.
The next useful step against poaching would be to increase pressure on those governments which have so far taken a relaxed attitude towards import of banned products.	Controls on poaching include pressuring governments who allow imports of banned products.
A common variety of mercy killing is when a permanently incapacitated or terminally ill patient is removed from a life support system upon his/her request or the request of a spouse, close relative or guardian or simply by medical authorities with legal approval.	A variety of mercy killing is when a patient is removed from a life support system with legal approval.
Leakey believed Kenya's wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner.	Kenya's wildlife is managed in a profitable manner.
Hunted down and stripped of tusks and hide by poachers, the number of African elephants slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until Cites banned the trade in ivory.	The African elephant population was decimated by poachers.
They cite scholarly research showing that young women at co-ed schools tend to defer to men in intellectual debate.	Young women at co-ed colleges tend to defer to men.
Women at single-sex colleges are more likely to graduate and to obtain advanced degrees.	Women are more likely to obtain advanced degrees.
The rankings of independent schools' A-level results have been analyzed by the Financial Times today.	The Financial Times has analyzed the rankings of UK schools.
Boys and girls will be segregated during sex education in junior high school.	Boys and girls will be segregated in junior high school.
A German nurse, Michaela Roeder, 31, was found guilty of six counts of manslaughter and mercy killing.	A German nurse was convicted of manslaughter and mercy killing.
A new survey shows that all segments of the public support right-to-die policies.	The public supports the right to die.
A majority of "born-again" Christians and the very religious think acts of so-called "mercy killing" by spouses are sometimes justified.	Christians justify mercy killing.
It tried to buy the Berlin biscuit company from RJR Nabisco two years ago, but was outbid by the French food giant, BSN.	BSN bought RJR Nabisco.
BAT would not confirm the story, but did confirm that the three tobacco majors - BAT, RJ Reynolds and Philip Morris - are 'head to head in investment terms' in the former Soviet Union.	Three tobacco majors have entered the former Soviet Union market.
Philip Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany, Italy, France, Spain, central and eastern Europe, the Far East, Japan, Korea, Argentina and Brazil.	Philip Morris makes strong profits also in Europe.
A year after Noriega's capture, the court was still hearing arguments on whether Bush could be subpoenaed and the World Court was in preliminary hearings on Panama's complaint.	The World court subpoenaed Bush.
The World Court can condemn this action and then the Soviets can defy that body, just as the United States defied the court's condemnation of its embargo of Nicaragua.	The World court condemned the US embargo against Nicaragua.
Col. Gadaffi has separately opened an action against the US and Britain at the World Court accusing them of breaking international law.	Gadaffi has accused the USA and Britain of breaking international law.
Libya had been the target of US air raids in 1986, when the US had linked Libya to the bombing of a Berlin disco frequented by US servicemen.	The US has raided Libya.
The World Court yesterday rejected Libya's plea that it should bar the US and Britain from taking punitive measures to oblige Tripoli to hand over two men suspected of the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am airliner over Lockerbie in Scotland.	Libya requested an injunction against Britain and the U.S.
Bosnian claims of Serbian annexation attempts in 1993 were brought to the World Court.	The World Court heard Bosnia's case against Serbia.
The International Court of Justice ruled in Chad's favour in a 20-year border dispute with Libya which has caused two wars.	The border dispute between Chad and Libya was ruled in Chad's favour.
They refused to appear in the World Court 10 years ago when Washington sought the release of American hostages in Tehran.	American hostages were released in Tehran.
They refused to appear in the World Court 10 years ago when Washington sought the release of American hostages in Tehran.	The court heard US appeals for the release of hostages held by Iran.
The World Court, or International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, is made up of fifteen permanent judges plus two judges nominated by the parties involved in the dispute under consideration.	There may be up to 15 judges in the ICJ.
The World Court, or International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, is made up of fifteen permanent judges plus two judges nominated by the parties involved in the dispute under consideration.	Two judges of the ICJ are nominated by the parties involved.
The World Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight.	The decisions of the World Court carry diplomatic weight.
One of the earliest and longest standing decisions of the ICJ involved the Corfu Channel incident in 1946 when two British destroyers struck Albanian-laid mines while exercising their right of passage through Corfu Channel.	The dispute between Albania and the UK about the Corfu incident lasted a long time.
The ICJ ruled in 1948 that Albania should pay Britain 843,947 pounds.	In 1948 the ICJ ruled in favour of Albania.
A dispute between Honduras and El Salvador over their borders was settled by a compromise devised by the ICJ in 1992.	Honduras and El Salvador were in dispute over their borders.
Experts estimate that only 5% to 10% of stolen artworks ever finds its way back to the owners.	Only 5% to 10% of stolen art ever gets returned to the owners.
Twenty-eight French masterpieces seized by the Nazis during World War II, including paintings by Monet, Renoir and Gauguin, have been found in a cupboard at a Berlin museum, a news magazine reported today.	Masterpieces seized by Nazis were found in Berlin.
The ALR was founded by a consortium of leading auction houses (Sotheby's, Christie's, Phillips).	Sotheby's, Christie's and Phillips founded the ALR.
The City Council recently budgeted $7,300 to pay for training Officer Ron Inman and his dog Waldo.	The City Council paid $7,300 to train a dog.
The international Human Genome Project is stimulating rapid advances in laboratory automation.	The Human Genome Project benefits from advances in laboratory automation.
The three partners have developed a robotic system to help scientists produce cloned cells required for genetics research.	Robots help scientists clone cells.
The ICRF system then 'picks' healthy-looking colonies with a block of 96 spring-loaded pins and moves the cells to dishes for further growth and analysis.	The ICRF system picks cells for further growth and analysis.
The biggest user of automation technology is the electronics industry, especially for making factory laptop computers.	Automation technology is used in making laptop computers.
Robots are now available for loading and unloading memory tapes and schedulers for pre-arranging the flow of work through a computer over a period of time.	Corporate IT departments use robots for loading and unloading memory tapes.
Robots are being used in automobile final assembly work and paint spraying and suppliers hope to be able to develop these markets now that the technology has been proven.	Robots are used in assembly work.
One of the most innovative features of the Thamesport's system is the control of remote peripherals.	Thamesport's system cannot control remote peripherals.
The system supervises the movement of all machinery within the port, including the five monster ship-to-shore 'robot' cranes and the 14 gantry cranes, which unload the containers from the ships.	Robots are used at sea terminals to move containers from ships.
The government will delay the implementation of local government reform in Wales for a year in what could be an embarrassment for Mr. John Redwood, the Welsh secretary.	The Welsh government has delayed any legislation regarding proposed changes.
The Labour leader plans to use a long-planned interview on BBC radio to mount a strong defence of his plans to set up a Scottish parliament and a Welsh assembly.	The British Labour party had long supported demands by Scotland and Wales for independent assemblies.
The government is pressing ahead with plans to reform the structure of local government in Wales by holding shadow elections to new unitary authorities as early as next year.	Shadow elections will be held next year.
It is expected that a Welsh parliament would be set up in the first year of an incoming Labour government.	A Welsh parliament will be set up within one year.
Many British schools experimented with coeducation but returned to its former status as a boys' school.	Some British schools experimented with single-sex education.
The Salvation Army operates the shelter under a contract with the county.	The Salvation Army collaborates with the county.
Every night of the year a minimum of 140 men who would otherwise be homeless, and who are homeless when they come to us are sleeping in clean beds in the Salvation Army's two Adult Rehabilitation Centers here in the Valley.	Homeless men may sleep in the Salvation Army's rehabilitation centers in the Valley.
In England Salvation Army social workers and volunteers have been trained in outreach work to make contact with homeless people on the streets.	The Salvation Army has trained homeless people as social workers.
Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army's drug- and alcohol-rehabilitation service.	Thrift stores fund rehabilitation services.
Food pantries are operated directly in various cities such as Los Angeles, California.	The Army operates food pantries in California.
In the US the Salvation Army offers shelters for the homeless in most areas of the country.	The US Army provides shelters for the homeless.
The Salvation Army paid for the transportation; it often provides an incentive contribution to charitable fundraisers to urge others to reach a stated goal.	The Salvation Army arranges transportation for donated materials.
At times of hurricanes in Florida the Salvation Army raises and forwards funds to other relief agencies as well as providing clothing, blankets and food to the afflicted on its own.	The Salvation Army provides aid to victims of hurricanes.
A second round of talks between the newly elected Czech and Slovak leaders on the future of the Czechoslovak federation ended in deadlock last night.	A series of negotiations between Czech and Slovak were unsuccessful.
After nine hours of talks, Mr. Vaclav Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. Vladimir Meciar.	Vaclav Klaus and Vladimir Meciar reached an agreement.
Already hard hit by the collapse of Comecon markets and the end of the Cold War, the disintegration of the highly integrated Czechoslovak economy has led to a sharp drop in trade with the Czech republic.	Czech markets have collapsed.
The Czech and Slovak republics have been unable to agree a political basis for their future coexistence in one country.	The Czech and Slovak republics do not agree to coexist in one country.
A new interim federal government, to be made up of Czechs and Slovaks in equal measure will oversee the separation of the state.	Interim federal government will be equally made up by Czechs and Slovaks.
The newly-elected leaders of the Czech and Slovak republics have agreed to try to form quickly an interim federal government despite deep differences over the future federal state revealed at their first meeting.	The Czech and Slovak republics agreed to form an interim federal government.
In Slovakia, Mr. Vladimir Meciar whose nationalist Movement for a Democratic Slovakia (HZDS) just failed to win an overall majority in the Slovak National Council, has to choose between Mr. Jozef Prokes or the Democratic Left Party.	Vladimir Meciar must choose between Prokes and the Democratic Left Party.
Slovakia's economic difficulties during the reforms fueled an emerging nationalism.	Slovak nationalism was fueled by economic difficulties.
In the fall of 1992 the leaders worked on the law for dividing Czechoslovakia.	The law for the division of Czechoslovakia was discussed in 1992.
In November, the Czech and Slovak parliaments voted to split into two independent republics in January 1993.	Czech and Slovak parliaments agreed to become independent republics in January 1993.
The split left the Czech Republic free to pursue its drive towards a free-market economy.	The Czech Republic pursues a free market economy.
Slovakia was saddled with a high concentration of heavy industry geared to the Soviet market.	Slovakia's heavy industries were geared to the Soviet market.
After years of battling between oil companies, the Ecuadorian government decided to collaborate with indigenous groups.	The Ecuadorian government collaborated with indigenous groups.
In Brazil, the Amazon basin covers 2 million square miles, a region 12 times as large as California.	The Amazon basin is as large as California.
Plant manioc in combination with nitrogen-fixing legumes will protect weak soils.	Soil replenishment technologies have been developed.
Agroforestry has proved to be one of the most productive uses of cleared Amazon land.	Agroforestry represents a productive use of cleared Amazon land.
By giving this land an economic function we are preventing further incursion into the Amazon.	Incursions in the Amazon have an economic function.
Brazil's annual losses are between 10 and 20 million acres within the Amazon and 2.5 million acres outside the Amazon.	Millions of acres within the Amazon are destroyed each year.
Loggers clear cut large tracts of rain forest to sell wood without replacing trees.	Trees in the rain forest are cut without being replaced.
Experiments with establishing fast growing eucalyptus tree farms to supply wood pulp were developed.	Fast growing eucalyptus trees were planted to supply wood pulp.
A former executive of Digital Equipment Corp. and two others pleaded guilty Tuesday to siphoning nearly $300,000 from the computer company.	A former executive of Digital Equipment Corp. siphoned nearly $300,000 from the company.
Leona Helmsley, the self-proclaimed queen of a luxury hotel chain, was sentenced Tuesday to four years in federal prison.	Leona Helmsley was given a four year sentence.
Leona Helmsley, the self-proclaimed queen of a luxury hotel chain, was sentenced Tuesday to four years in federal prison.	Leona Helmsley is the owner of a luxury hotel chain.
In a security fraud case, Michael Milken was sentenced to 10 years in prison.	Milken was imprisoned for security fraud.
Prosecutions tended to be more aggressive and sentences tended to be longer for financial crimes with many victims and massive losses of money, as in the Minkow case.	Sentences for financial crimes tend to be longer.
Prosecutions tended to be more aggressive and sentences tended to be longer for financial crimes with many victims and massive losses of money, as in the Minkow case.	Bilking a large number of people out of millions of dollars can lead to sentences that vary from ten to twenty years.
The judge in the Milken case said that the 10-year sentence she imposed on Milken was intended to make an example of him.	Prison term for Michael Milken was intended to make him an example.
Only firm evidence of the link between conservation and economic development can maintain people's commitment to Campfire, says Cherry Bird, wildlife coordinator for Hurungwe district.	Campfire helps rural communities make money from animals which had been poached as pests.
Villagers involved are actively discouraging wildlife poaching, confiscating snares, reporting poaching incidents and guarding against bush fires which are used to flush out animals but also destroy vegetation.	Zambian villagers set up security committees to prevent poachers entering their area.
The government's plans for reorganising local government in Wales and Scotland should be withdrawn, leaders of the Assembly of Welsh Counties and Convention of Scottish Local Authorities said yesterday.	Welsh associations want a directly elected Welsh assembly rather than the unitary reorganization.
Even though there is some evidence that support for an assembly - a centrepiece of nationalist demands - is gaining ground in Wales, it is doubtful if even half the population would.	It is predicted that as of 1994, a referendum on independence in Wales would probably receive less than 50% support from its people.
A specialist firm on the New York stock Exchange was fined $480,350 for securities fraud by a judge who said he imposed the sentence as a deterrent.	One judge said that the nearly half million dollar fine he levied on a specialist firm on the New York Stock Exchange was done as a deterrent.
A Los Angeles federal court judge Monday imposed a 15-year prison sentence on David A. Feldman of Palos Verdes.	A Los Angeles federal judge imposed a 15-year prison sentence on David A. Feldman.
It emerged yesterday that the Ministry of Defence has turned down a request from Argentina to allow a limited supply of UK-manufactured spare parts to the Argentine navy, begun during the Gulf war.	Military cooperation during gulf war stopped.
Military ties between the two countries have been governed officially by an arms embargo imposed by Britain on Argentina following the outbreak of the Falklands war in 1982.	The British Arms embargo began in 1982 and continued through 1994.
Argentine President Carlos Menem has ordered an 'immediate' investigation into war crimes allegedly committed by British troops during the 1982 Falklands War.	Argentina demanded an investigation of alleged war crimes during the Falklands War.
Mr Guido di Tella, Argentine foreign minister, met representatives of British companies and financial institutions.	Foreign Minister Guido De Tella went to the UK.
The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters.	The British government is ready to allow Argentine companies to participate in the development of oilfields.
Bush and Clinton, who ran against each other in 1992, have worked together since leaving office. They helped raise funds for recovery from 2004's Asian tsunami and 2005's Hurricane Katrina.	Both Bush and Clinton helped raise funds for the recovery from Hurricane Katrina.
Unwrapping a new version of Microsoft's now-standard Windows operating system is generally an event of major proportions.	A new version of Microsoft's now-standard Windows operating system has been unwrapped.
Here's what the new Microsoft operating system has and why you may want to wait Flip screens: among the additions to Windows Vista are new ways to look at what windows are open.	The new Microsoft operating system is called Windows Vista.
Vista comes not only with improved security, but also with easier ways for parents to decide how they want their children to use the computer. With more people using digital cameras than ever, Microsoft has built photo management software into Vista, making it easier to share and fix photos, burn them to CDs, and give them "tags" or labels that make them easier to find later on.	Vista is provided with photo management software.
If yet another conflict were to develop before the force can be bolstered, it would take longer to fight and cost more American casualties than otherwise might be expected.	America is strained by two ongoing wars.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates earlier this month recommended that the Army's troop strength be increased by 65,000 soldiers, to a total of 547,000 worldwide and the Marines be increased by 27,000 to 202,000.	The Defense Secretary suggested that the Army's troop should be increased to 547,000 soldiers.
Almost half of the Army increase already has been achieved under a temporary program that Gates said would be made permanent; the full increase is to be achieved within five years.	The Army increase will be achieved within 5 years.
The Army's preliminary estimate is that it would cost 70 billion to increase its size and the funds would be spread over budget years 2009 through 2013.	The Army's increase will probably cost 70 billion.
Fighting the war in Iraq on top of the war in Afghanistan has left ground forces in a weakened state of readiness. That is, some units are below the standard measure used to determine if they are ready to fight a conventional, high-intensity war.	There is a high-intensity war between Iraq and Afghanistan.
Belarus will now pay 53 a tonne for oil it imports, instead of the 180 Russia had previously demanded, Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said.	Belarus imports 53 tonnes of oil from Russia.
The agreement came after about 10 hours of negotiations between Mr Fradkov and his Belarussian counterpart, Sergei Sidorsky.	Mr Fradkov and Sergei Sidorsky found an agreement after 10 hours of negotiations.
Officials from the two countries reached "a balanced solution, corresponding to the interests of both countries", Mr Fradkov said in televised comments, adding that the talks had been "hard".	Mr Fradkov reached a balanced solution.
Supplies sent through the Druzhba pipeline were halted for three days after Minsk increased the transit tax for oil which passed through the country.	Transit tax for oil was increased by Minsk.
The dispute between the two former Soviet countries came after Moscow forced Belarus to accept a major increase in the cost of gas supplies to the country in late December.	Moscow increased the cost of gas supplies to Belarus.
Russia later imposed a hefty duty on oil exports to Belarus, claiming its neighbour was costing it up to 4bn in lost revenues each year.	Russia decreased the cost of oil exports to Belarus.
In retaliation, Belarus slapped a 45-per-tonne transit tax on oil shipments from Russia, but withdrew it earlier on Wednesday after tense top-level government talks between both sides.	Tense government talks occurred between Belarus and Russia.
There has been some speculation in the Russian media that enemies of Mr Putin may have had a hand in Mr Litvinenko's death, to put the Kremlin in a bad light. Mr Litvinenko was a vehement critic of Mr Putin.	Mr Putin is a vehement critic of Mr Litvinenko.
In a wide-ranging, marathon news conference, Mr Putin said Russia was now one of the world's most powerful economies, with a rapid growth rate - about 6.9 in 2006 - and declining inflation.	According to Mr Putin, Russia is one of the most powerful economies in the world.
Under the constitution Mr Putin has to stand down in 2008, after serving two terms. But he has now become so powerful and popular that it is widely assumed whoever he names as the preferred candidate will win the election, the 's Richard Galpin reports from Moscow.	Putin will win the 2008 elections.
More than 1,000 members of the Russian and foreign media registered for the news conference, which has become an annual event.	More than 1,000 members from Russia registered for the news conference.
Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, has reversed its opposition to the morning-after pill and agreed to sell it in 3,700 pharmacies. The decision follows a successful campaign against the retailer in Illinois and Massachusetts, which enacted laws requiring pharmacists to fill prescriptions for the emergency contraceptive.	Wal-Mart is largest retailer of the world.
Last week, the attorney general of Connecticut, Richard Blumenthal, turned up the pressure when he said the state would no longer extend its insurance plan for its 188,000 employees to cover prescriptions filled at Wal-Mart unless the chain agreed to stock the pills.	The attorney general of Connecticut, Richard Blumenthal has 188,000 employees.
The morning-after pill, which must be taken within 72 hours of having sex, is still not available without a prescription in America despite recommendations from the scientific advisory panel of the Food and Drug Administration, because of opposition from anti-abortion activists.	The morning-after pill can be obtained by prescription only.
In Massachusets, three Boston women successfully sued Wal-Mart last month for violating state regulations that require pharmacies to stock all commonly prescribed medications.	Wal-Mart has violated state regulations.
Wal-Mart's belated decision is seen as an important victory at a time when women's organisations fear abortion rights are under threat.	Women's organisations are fighting against abortion rights.
Last month, South Dakota moved to ban all abortion in the state, even in cases of rape and incest. Mississippi is considering similar legislation.	In South Dakota abortion is allowed in cases of rape and incest.
There were no immediate reports of injuries, and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other church in Greenville, which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh.	Greenville is located about 75 miles east of Raleigh.
Firefighters were called to The Memorial Baptist Church shortly after 11 p.m. and found smoke billowing from its educational wing.	A fire were signaled at The Memorial Baptist Church.
Dispatchers received a report of a fire at Unity Free Will Baptist Church, about a half-mile away from The Memorial, shortly before 11:30 p.m.	A fire were signaled at Unity Free Will Baptist Church.
Police were also investigating a break-in at Oakmont Baptist Church, located less than a quarter-mile from The Memorial, said police Cpl. Kip Gaskins.	Kip Gaskins wanted to break in at Oakmont Baptist Church.
Clinton, who tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential contenders, has been criticized by many party activists for refusing to recant her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq.	Clinton receives criticism for his authorization to intervene in Iraq.
The United States told Polish leaders it wants to open formal negotiations on the possibility of locating ground-based interceptor missiles in their country as part of a larger missile defense system, a U.S. Embassy spokesman in Warsaw said Monday.	United States wants to enlarge their missile defense system.
The request comes after two years of exploratory talks and after the neighboring Czech Republic's prime minister said Saturday that Washington had asked to base a radar station in his country as another part of the system.	A radar station will be based in Washington.
Washington has repeatedly sought to reassure Russia it has nothing to fear from the system.	Russia fears the system.
Both the Czech and Polish parliaments would have to first approve the plan. Although their governments expressed their support, they are weak and face broad public opposition to the plan.	Czech and Polish parliaments approve the plan.
Czech opposition parties have spoken against the defense system, and the premier's governing coalition does not have enough parliament votes to pass measures on its own.	Czech opposition parties are against the defense system.
In Moscow, Andrei Kokoshin, the former Russian Security Council chief who now heads parliament's committee for ties with former Soviet bloc nations, warned that Czech approval of the plan would not pass without consequences.	Andrei Kokoshin is the former Russian Security Council chief.
The U.S. will seek to field a limited number of ground-based missile defense silo launchers, with their associated interceptors, similar to those currently fielded at Fort Greely, Alaska, and to deploy an X-band radar for midcourse tracking and discrimination of ballistic missile threats out of the Middle East.	The U.S. buys ground-based defense silo launchers.
The ex-president can deliver political superstardom. He's a razor-sharp political strategist. He knows the institution of the presidency. His fundraising skills are unrivaled. All that is good - perhaps too good, according to a September CNN poll, which showed his favorable rating higher than hers, 60 percent to 50 percent.	Bill Clinton is a political strategist.
From now until presidential election day in 2008, the national fascination with the Clintons and their marriage will be central to the race. The media-industrial complex will again feed on the Clintons, their past and future.	New elections will be held in 2008.
Beyond the sexual matters, there is Bill Clinton's perceived need for attention - adulation, even - exemplified in the story about his trip to the World Cup in Berlin this year.	Clinton made a trip to the World Cup in Berlin.
In the past several months, Bill Clinton has appeared to be his wife's chief campaigner, publicly saying that she would be a great president, even better than him, because she would enter the White House with more experience.	Hillary Clinton is the wife of a great president.
Fuelled by last year's rise in global oil prices and the surge in Chinese imports, it was the fifth record annual US trade deficit in succession.	Chinese imports reached the fifth annual record.
The gap with China alone was $232.5bn last year, the largest imbalance the US has ever recorded with one country.	There is no trade gap between China and US.
China denies the allegations, although it currently allows the yuan to trade only within a narrow band against the US dollar.	China allows the yuan to trade only within a narrow band.
It has pledged to allow the yuan to float more freely in the future, but says any reform would not be rushed, as it does not want to risk destabilising the export-led Chinese economy.	China has an export-led economy.
Last year the US saw exports of goods and services rise 12.8% to $1.44 trillion, while its imports gained 10.5% to $2.2 trillion, said the Commerce Department.	US exports rose 10.5%.
The world's largest consumer of oil, US imports rose to a record $302.5bn last year, fuelled by the price of crude hitting record highs in the summer at the time of the conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon.	There was a conflict between Israel and Lebanon.
Away from the Olympic site, near the bricks and timber of the Forbidden City, it is as if an alien presence has landed.	Aliens have been seen near the Forbidden City.
It's very difficult to get teams from China the right to stay here for a longer period of time.	It is difficult to get the right to stay in China for a long period of time.
